yesterday I froze during sex and my girlfriend asked if we should stop, I said yes and she backed off. I've never been treated like this before.
I am 23(M) and I've been raped before. Twice. I've been sexually assaulted too and this has affected me and subsequent relationships a lot. 2 days ago my girlfriend (23) was in my lap and we were making out and suddenly the images of rape came into my mind and I froze. She obviously sensed it and asked if everything was okay but I couldn't answer and I'd begun to sweat. She got of my lap and asked if I wanted to talk but i still couldn't say anything. Then she asked if she should leave the room and I gave a small nod. She just grabbed her phone from the table and left. This has never happened with me. Nobody has listened to my no before. It feels weird, different ? I don't know. 

Next morning when I woke up she had made breakfast and left me a note saying if I wanted to talk I could call her anytime. She came over after work and I thanked her for listening to me, I was almost in tears. She welled up too and said no obviously means no, but hesitation means no too. And that she would never knowingly hurt me. I've never been treated like this before. My parents were shit, and almost every relationship I've had (3) were also similarly shit. 

But she's different, she's been my rock when I've fallen low, she cooks for me because she wants me to be healthy, she leaves notes of affirmation all over the house for me to find and is generally the most genuine amazing person I've ever met. I want to show my gratitude to her and want to tell her how much she means to me but I don't know how ? Also it's still weighing on me how my say matters to her. Never in my life have I ever been treated this way. 

So how do I tell how much she means to me ? And will I stop feeling this way ?


EDIT:- oh my god, y'all. I never expected this kind of response! I'm trying to read through them all but thank you so much! 

To clarify a few things, almost everyone who commented suggested therapy. Therapy is super expensive and I'm already working to pay for school but yes I've started therapy, it's been about 5 months now. Just taking baby steps here. 

Secondly y'all gave a ton of good ideas but I think I'm gonna write her a letter and maybe arrange for a small picnic for the two of us. I know she'll love it. 

For those saying I should propose, that's definitely the plan, just not now. 

And to those who shared their (similar) Experiences, thank you. It gave me an insight and I hope things look up for you. 

And for all those who said I'm a 'pussy' for getting raped or I'm lying, I'm sorry but I can't make y'all believe me. I hope y'all feel better after this.b


Again, thank you so much for your kind comments. Y'all are amazeballs.



I (M28) broke up with my ex-fiancée (F27) of 4 years 2 weeks ago after catching her in a huge lie and then finding out 3 days ago that she commited suicide because i wouldn't take her back. I am in need of some serious advice as i'm being blamed for everything.
Hey guys,

I need some serious advice as i'm pretty much being cornered by basically everyone and i really don't know what else to do as my mental state is declining and i'm left wondering if it's really all my fault?

A little background: 

Me and my ex-fiancée had been together for almost 6 years and engaged for 4 out of those 6 years. I was introduced to her by a close friend at a party and we just clicked. She was attractive, had a great personality and had similar hobbies as me which made it perfect.

Back in April of this year i started noticing little changes in her, she started wearing more revealing clothes to work, started putting more make-up and etc. Tbh i had no problem with any of that stuff as it's her body, she can wear whatever and put how ever much make-up she wanted to but what made things worse for me was when she started coming home late from work or how instead of spending the weekend off with me (we both had weekends off from work) she instead was always going out. I once had asked her why she never invited me to come out with her to which she replied that it's only girls night out and that her other friends would not be happy if i tagged along as they were not bringing their own bf with them.

It all came crashing down when me and her had a huge fight in June because she decided that instead of going out on a date with me she told me how she already had made plans with her friends and that it was rude of her to cancel. That was it for me, i fucking blew up at her and we had huge fight which resulted in her packing her bags and leaving. I didn't hear from her for almost a week, none of her friends knew where she was and heck none of her folks even knew what was going on until she finally contacted me and wanted to talk.

Imagine my surprise when she confessed to me that there was another guy involved and how all this time she was hanging out with him when all this time she was lying to me about hanging with her friends. I fucking blew up, i wanted nothing to do with her and was going to break up with her until she got on her knees and begged me to give her a second chance which my dumbass self did but only after she revealed everything to me and she did. It made me fucking sick to my stomach but in the end i forgave her and told her to delete all contact with the other guy and that i expect her to have no contact with him going forward which she promised and things kinda went back to before.

Heck, we were even spending more time together but that feeling, that trust wasn't there anymore.

Everything was kinda OK until 2 weeks ago a friend of mine who was visiting another city which was 3 hours from where i lived sent me a picture with the message "Sorry bro" that broke my already broken heart into a billion of little pieces. The picture was of my ex-fiancée at a mall 3 hours away from where we lived holding hands with some stranger who i didn't know. I fucking broke down, i was heartbroken. She was a bitch, a piece of shit especially since i thought she was at work while in reality she was 3 hours away holding hands with her lover.

When i got home from work i waited for her and right away confronted her which she denied and called me a psycho for not believing her and that i was a piece of shit for not trusting her until i showed her the picture that my friend sent me. Her face told me everything and when the waterworks started i knew that i had made a huge mistake in taking her back so i ended it.

She cried and fucking begged me to think it over and not to throw away everythink that we have together which made me fucking angry and i'm not going to lie but i fucking slapped her. I was not proud, i'm still not but she saying shit like not to throw away everthing when it was her who threwaway everything pissed me off.

I told her to pack her shit and leave, called her parents and mine and told them everything, her parents came to help her and i told them to basically fuck off after they told me to think it over and to make the right decision before actually ending it. She begged me not to end things but i did, had to for my own piece of mind.

I did not hear from her or her parents until 3 days ago when my parents called me to let know that ex-fiancée had comitted suicide. Her parents found her hanging and she had left a letter apologising to everyone including my parents and me and how she is sorry from the bottom of her heart for what she did to me and that how she can't live without me and because of that she ended it.

I am at a fucking lose, ex-fiancée friends and family are blaming me and my own mother told me that it was my fault, she told me that i should have forgiven her since i'm clearly worth comitting suicide over. 

I am fucking disgusted, i have currently taken some time off from work and have not a single clue what to do.



Mom had an affair 18 years ago, I [18M] am the product of it. My dad just informed me of all this, and told me he will not pay for my college, while my siblings got their college experience paid by our dad.
Update 3:

Hey guys, and update has already been posted [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/ccpwcu/update_mom_had_an_affair_18_years_ago_i_18m_am/). Please don't message me so angrily any more.

\-

Update 2:

Sorry for not updating, my grandpa passed away yesterday morning.

Nothing happened to me, but my situation is a secondary concern right now. Regardless, I think I will be alright, thanks to your amazing support and help.

My sister is aware of everything, and told me not to worry, she has my back and I have her support.

I promise to update when and if there are any significant changes, right now I need to support my grandma.

Thank you again to everyone.

\-

Update:

Sorry to disappear, nothing bad happened to me.

Managed to talk with my mom yesterday, but I chickened out half way through what I had to say :(

The good news is that I am not being kicked out, or disowned, etc.

Thank you for all your support, everyone, I will follow through and call financial aid at my college in a few hours, and take it from there.

My grandpa had a stroke a week ago, and my dad is helping my grandma with setting up a live in nurse, so he wasn't around yesterday.

I will let you know how I manage.

Thank you again.

\-

Pretty much the title. I have no idea how to process all this, and I am completely unprepared for what lies ahead :(

Both my older brother and sister went to the same college. My brother graduated two years ago, my sister is set to graduate in two years. Both had their college paid by our dad. Dad paid all their college expenses, including rent, food, their cars, pocket money, you name it.

My brother has a job now, his own place, lives together with his fiancee, and has his life together.

My sister already has a good paying job, and my dad still pays for almost everything for her.

I got accepted to the same college, which was always the plan, and was looking forward to talk with my parents about the next steps, and ask them to help me the same they did for my siblings. I always assumed they had money put aside for my college the way they had for my siblings.

Instead I was met with a story about my mom's cheating, how I am the result of her cheating, and how my dad is not willing to support me any more moving forward.

Dad told me that mom had 18 years to let me know and prepare me for the future, but obviously she never did. He said it was never is place to say anything since I am not his son, and didn't want to interfere with mom's parenting.

Apparently my grandparents know I am not dad's biological son, but they haven't bothered to tell me anything either.

My siblings had no idea, and they are as surprised as I am because there was never a hint of anything being off. I might be naive, but I always thought I had a great relationship with my dad. We go to see sports together, we go fishing together, he tutored me when I had difficulties with math (dad is an engineer), he taught me to drive. I never got a hint he stores resentment towards me. I mean, he gave me my name, and has explained what my name means, and he was very proud of it. It's a story he tells from time to time. He likes to talk about stuff like that about me.

My mom has never said a word about anything, and apparently she was supposed to have "the talk" with me, but she never did.

I feel abandoned and unprepared for what lies ahead. I am not even sure I will be able to go to college any more, I always assumed my parents will pay for it. I never had a job, and I am not sure what job I can even get to support me through college, I have no idea how to apply for loans.

All my mom has done is cry and apologize. But nothing of substance, she has no idea how to help me.

I don't even know if I am welcomed home any more, it's all up in the air, I feel shame leaving my room, and if I will be asked to move out I don't know where to go. I don't have any savings, maybe $400 put together.

I am angry at my mom, I am confused about where I stand with my dad. There's a man out there who is my father that never wanted to have anything to do with me. I feel rejected and I have no idea what to do to fix this situation.

Anyone have any idea what to do here?

Do I apologize to my dad? What do I say to him?

Idk, I've been stuck in my room these past few days, reading and browsing reddit. I have no idea what to do.

\-

Edit: Comments are coming in faster than I can reply, but I am making a list with all the advice about financial aid, health insurance, getting my own phone plan, etc, things I didn't even think about before. Thank you everyone.

I will try to answer as much as I can, but there's more comments than I can handle.



My son and his "friend" are a couple. How do I let them know it's okay?
Hello Reddit. Please bear with me regarding my formatting and things. I have read the rules and things, but I'm an old fart who is rather on the wrong side of 40 so I'm not overly well versed in the art of efficient internetting. 

My boy is 20 years old. He's absolutely my pride and joy, and there is nothing he could do that would ever make me love him less. For the first half of his life, I regrettably wasn't involved very much. His mother and I parted ways when he was just a few months old and at the time I was struggling with a heroin addiction and was absolutely not as present in his life as I should have been, nor was I suited to fatherhood at all. I saw him, at most, two to three times a year for the first 12 years of his life. I won't discuss details because that's his private story to tell, but when he was 12 he revealed to me that he was being badly mistreated at the hands of his mother and her boyfriend. Despite not being the best father at the time, I didn't want my boy suffering any more so I got myself cleaned up and sorted out in order to get full custody of him. I've effectively been a single (and sober!) father ever since and he has little to no contact with his mother. He's everything a man could want his son to be; he's uniquely kind and fiercely loyal, he's unflinchingly brave, he's incredibly generous and, despite the horrors he suffered as a child, he's unfailingly positive and sunny to the last. Somehow I of all people was bestowed with the honour of watching him grow from a sweet young boy to the greatest man I have ever known. I cannot stress enough my pride in him.

When he was 18, he got accepted into a top ranking university on the other side of the country. I was sad to see him go, but simultaneously overjoyed that he got into his first choice and was starting a new chapter in his life. He comes home once every other month, and on the month's he doesn't come home, I go to visit him. He's doing well in uni, has made lots of friends and seems incredibly happy there, which I'm obviously chuffed about. Since his second year, he's lived with his "friend" in a flat off-campus. I've strongly suspected since his early teens that my son is gay, and I now more or less have confirmation that this is true and that his "friend" is actually his boyfriend. 

So, for this COVID-19 faff, my son decided he'd rather come home and quarantine at mine than stay at his uni flat. His "friend", however, would be left alone if my son came back as he's a Candian and his family are back over there, and I gather he doesn't have the best relationship with them anyway. He asked if it would be okay if "friend" tagged along to my house and I said of course, no problem. 

They've been back at mine for about six weeks now. They think they're being subtle I know, but I've caught them doing coupley things on several occasions now. The "friend" has slipped up a couple of times and called my son 'babe' and 'sweetie' in front of me, which I pretended not to notice for the sake of saving embarrassment. There have been nights where we'll be watching a film with the lights off and, thinking I can't see, my son will have his arm around the "friend". One day I walked into the lounge and I'm positive they'd just been kissing and were trying to cover it, though I admit I have no confirmation on that one. The most solid evidence, however, came a few mornings ago. I get up very early to go for runs in the morning (hence why I'm making a reddit post at five in the morning haha). As far as I was told, my son was sleeping in his childhood room and his "friend" was in the guest room. I don't know what possessed me to do so, but on Tuesday morning I cracked my son's door open to check on him like I used to when he was a kid. Lo and behold, they're both asleep, snuggled up together, in my son's bed. That's more or less solidified for me that they're together. I didn't say anything, just shut the door and went for my run, and I haven't mentioned it to them yet. 

What I want advice on is this; how do I let my son and his boyfriend know that I'm okay with them being a couple and they don't have to feel like they have to sneak around in my house? I want them to be comfortable here and I want them to know I support them both no matter what. Or is that not a good idea? Am I better off leaving it alone and waiting until they tell me themselves, if they ever do? I obviously don't want to force either of them out of the closet, but at the same time I hate feeling as if they feel like they're being forced *into* the closet in my house. What's my best course of action here?? 

TL:DR - my son and his "friend" are staying with me for quarantine. It's abundantly clear they're a couple, and I want to let them know it's okay and they don't have to sneak around in my house. What's the best way to go about it?



My girlfriend [21F] of 18 months asked my [22M] preference about her pubic hair and now finds me "revolting"
So yesterday my girlfriend casually asked me how I prefer pubic hair to be groomed. She usually keeps hers short, but neat. I assumed she was just looking to change things up and wanted my opinion so I answered honestly and said that I find completely shaven attractive, but in the grand scheme of things I couldn't care less, it's not a turn off if there's hair, and that I like the way she has it now. 

Well it turns out she had had a lecture today at college (she studies psychology) and the topic was on peadophiles. Apparently one of the talking points was that pedophiles are attracted to the lack of body hair. 

When she told me this, I asked her "are you seriously calling me a pedophile because I find completely shaven attractive?! Can I just point out that you're 21 and not 12?" She basically skirted around my questions and then stormed out of my apartment when I kept pressing her on it. As she left she called me revolting and is now ignoring my calls and text messages. 

What. The. Fuck.

Honestly not even sure where to go from here. We've never had any issues and was planning on proposing in the next year. Where has this even come from?! 

**TL;DR:** Girlfriend pretty much called me a pedo because I told her I liked shaved pussy when she asked me my preference.



My wife (33f) is denying we're married and wants to be called my 'girlfriend'... I'm confused
My wife (33f) and I (29m) have been married four years now, coming on five. We have generally had a good relationship and a good marriage.

We had a reasonably expensive wedding, which we're still paying for now. I get the bill every month to prove it. My wife took charge of planning the wedding, so it was to her tastes. She seemed to enjoy it at the time and for the first few years of our marriage, she would look back at the wedding with me happily and without issues.

In recent months I've noticed my wife's attitude to a) our wedding and b) our marriage itself shift. It began by her (I thought jokingly) referring to herself as my 'girlfriend'. She told me to buy her a 'girlfriend' card for Valentine's Day rather than a 'wife' one, for example. 

I thought she was just playing around at first. But this behaviour has only escalated. Two months ago my wife stopped wearing her wedding ring. I was understandably upset and asked her if there was something wrong. She told me everything was fine and she just 'doesn't the sensation of jewellery on her hands'. My wife has never liked rings and jewellery so this could be the case.

But when we are with friends, my wife will get upset if I talk about her as 'my wife' rather than just a girlfriend. She will go as far to interrupt me if I'm talking/telling a story to 'correct' me on our relationship. Initially, this was something our friends laughed at, but now everybody just finds it understandably awkward.

One of our friends was talking about their own wedding, which is scheduled for early next year. They asked for advice from my wife about how she'd planned ours and my wife responded with 'what wedding?'. When our friend continued talking about the table decorations my wife had used, my wife visibly teared up in front of the whole group and had to step outside.

Later that evening, I asked her directly if she has a problem with our relationship or if I'm doing something wrong in our marriage. She assured me that everything is fine between us. From my perspective, outside of this issue, our relationship is as strong as ever. We are considering kids in the near future, our sex life is great, and my wife recently suggested we get matching tattoos as a renewal of our love.

Is there advice anyone can offer on why my wife might be acting like this and what I should do?



My wife gave birth to a (black)baby that clearly isn't mine, and I'm divorcing her. But I'm worried about the relationship between my two kids and their new half-sister.
A month ago, my wife gave birth to a black baby girl. We're both white, so she was forced to admit that the child was a result of a one night stand last year. 

I've started divorce proceedings, although we're still living together for now. Between our two boys(aged 2 and 4, I've had paternity tests for them and they came back positive), her infant daughter and her having lost her job due to COVID, living together as amicably as possible until the divorce is settled is an unfortunate necessity.

Naturally I have no ill will towards the baby, and I've been disgusted by some of the comments I've heard from family members, friends, coworkers and others, all who seem to be fixated on the racial angle of this. As if the most salient part of this isn't that my wife cheated, but that she cheated with a BLACK man and that the baby is BLACK.

What really worries me is that my two sons might pick up on these narratives. They're too young to really understand what's happening now, but I'm worried that as they grow to understand the situation that they might grow to resent their half-sister for "breaking up their parents marriage". And worse that their resentment might express itself in a racist fashion, under the influence of the aforementioned racist narratives.

Any thoughts on how I should try to influence my son's away from that perspective? It probably doesn't help that we live in a suburb with very few black people and their half-sister is really the only black person my children know.



My girlfriend told me she was with a friend, but that friend was with me picking out an engagement ring. How do I confront my girlfriend about her lie?
Update: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hjkgnj/update_my_girlfriend_told_me_she_was_with_a/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

God this is a doozy. I swear my life feels like a movie right now. Sorry for the weird formatting, I'm on mobile and this is my first time posting on a sub like this. 

I (28M) am planning on proposing to my girlfriend of 3 years (26F). Now, I suck at picking out jewelry. Im the type of guy that doesn't see a problem with heart shaped jewelry (seriously why is it considered so ugly?) so every time I want to buy something for my girl, I usually consult one of our mutual friends. My girl's best friends are all friends with me as well and we all get along well, so asking them for help picking out jewelry is something I'm used to. 

When it came time to pick out a ring, I consulted my girlfriends best friend Justine (fake name). Justine and I are quite close and she knows my girlfriend better than anyone, including me. So, when my girlfriend when out to visit her sister and baby nephew, I invited Justine over to the house to help pick out a ring.

Justine and I looked through a few catalogues, but decided it was a dead end and it would be better to go to professionals at a jewelry store. However, I didn't know when my girlfriend would be coming home, so Justine and I thought of a clever text to gauge how much time we had. I asked her when she'd be coming home, as I was ordering takeout and wanted to know when to tell them to have the food ready by. 

She responded by saying it would be a few hours, she met up with Justine to go shopping. Now, obviously this took me by surprise since Justine was standing inside my house. I showed Justine the text, and she looked as confused as I was. 

It isn't out of the ordinary for my girlfriend to meet up with people out of the blue like that for shopping, lunch, etc. She's a very spontaneous person and loves making plans on the fly. So ordinarily, I would have believed this text in a heartbeat. However, obviously this had to be a lie. 

When she came home she acted completely normal, and I played along but it's been really hard to act like everything's fine. We got takeout, ate together, and cuddled on the couch after. So far she's caught on a little that somethings upsetting me, but I just can't tell her what. Looking at her kills me. 

I don't know what to do. My girlfriend and I have zero trust issues and we tell each other everything, so this lie is killing me. I want to ask her about it so bad, but if I tell her I knew she was lying, I'd have to explain why, and I really don't want to do that. What do I do? I know she lied to me but I don't know how to confront her about it. Should I just forget it? This won't stop gnawing at me. Please help!

Edit: I'm sorry for the lack of responses, it's been a hectic day and there's a lot of comments. Thank you to everyone who has commented so far, I appreciate them all!!

Edit #2: sorry again for the lack of responses, guys. It's really been a crazy day. My parents are moving and I've been helping them. Also, I've never experienced this many comments on a post in my life!! I am going to talk to her tonight once we're both finally settled in after such a busy day, and I will update tomorrow.



My (22f) fiance (25m) want his father to check my hymen tomorrow night before I get married.
My fiance proposed to me about 8 months ago. We decided on having a relatively small wedding which is in two days. Everything was going great. He seems absolutely perfect and we are very much in love.

I am a virgin and so is he, he wanted to save it for marriage and I wasn't fussed so I agreed to saving it. He has told me earlier that in his family the father checks the virginity of the bride the night before the wedding. I laughed this off as it seriously sounds like a massive joke. No turns out he was dead serious. He wants me, the night before to open my legs up in a small ceremony type thing so his dad can check me while him, his brothers and uncle can watch so that they know I am still 'pure'.

I told him fat chance I am going to do that and he was begging to me to go through with it and how important it is for him. He said he knew it was slightly embarrassing for me but his mom did and it will prove how much I love him and that I have nothing to hide anyway as I am still a virgin. I left and he was crying, it was very dramatic tbh.

I want to call off the whole wedding because of this and never talk to him again. But at the same time its only one thing and other then that we are genuinely perfect for each other and I dont want to spend my life with anyone else and it is very important to him and his family.

What the frick frack do I do. I am currently at my friends house and I might stay here for the night. tomorrow would be our last day as an unmarried couple and I am straight up panicking.



My (28f) dog attacked my stalker after he broke into my house. Now my SIL (32f) says my dog is "too dangerous" to be around my niece (4f). Feel like I'm going crazy.
This is kind of a complicated story but I’ll just get into it. I used to be in this controlling, kind of abusive relationship. When I finally broke it off a year ago, my ex started showing up places, trying to get me to take him back. Eventually, it developed into full-on stalking. He would show up at my work (and took to just waiting outside of it after he was banned), leave notes on my car when I was at the grocery store, leave all kinds of flowers outside my house and then stick angry notes on my door after he saw me throw them in the trash, wrote me all kinds of weird, obsessive emails and letters. I’ve had to change my phone number three times. The behavior escalated over time, and got scarier/more threatening. In one instance, he started a small fire in my driveway but the police couldn’t get enough evidence connecting him to it. It was after that instance that I put cameras in my yard (I previously only had them pointing at my doors).

I was horrified to learn that the police couldn’t do shit about any of this until my stalker actually was caught doing something illegal, like breaking into my house. At which point, I might already be dead. I decided I wasn’t spending the rest of my life waiting for the other shoe to drop, so I got a handgun and a concealed carry permit, took some self defense courses, and started doing strength training. I also looked into getting an attack dog, but after all the money I’d sunk into my other methods of protection, they were prohibitively expensive. So I went to my local animal shelter and got the scariest, meanest-looking dog I could find. This is where Thor comes in. He’s a 100 pound American Bulldog, looks like he’d rip your throat out on sight, but is basically a gigantic teddy bear. He loves every person he’s ever met, is incredibly sweet and gentle with my 4-year-old niece, enjoys other animals, and even loves the mailman. I just kind of accepted that he probably wouldn’t do anything to protect me from my stalker, but it didn’t matter that much because having such a huge dog made me so much more confident. I brought Thor everywhere I could, and was working on getting him trained enough to be an emotional support animal, so I could bring him inside places with me (I absolutely would not do this until he was trained well enough to not disrupt a regular service dog).

Last month, I woke up in the middle of the night to Thor whining. I was groggy and thought he had to go to the bathroom, so I got out of bed and opened the door. At that point, my house alarm went off and pretty soon after that, I was face-to-face with my stalker. I started screaming and went to run for my gun. Before I could do anything though, Thor ran across the room in full attack mode. The memory is really blurry for me, but there was blood all over my living room and I remember my stalker was eventually able to escape, at which point Thor chased him outside and then came back to me.

When the police showed up, they said Thor was a hero who’d probably saved my life. I don’t want to list what they found in my stalker’s car after they caught him (and I’m shaking a little as I type this) but I’m sure he was going to bring me somewhere and kill me. It looks like he’s going to prison for a long time though, so my nightmare is over. Pretty much everyone in my life thinks Thor is a hero, except my SIL. She and my brother have a 4 y/o (the one I mentioned above), and she says she doesn’t want Thor around her (the child) anymore. She says since Thor has “snapped” in the past, he could do it again, so he’s not safe to have around kids (We used to see each other a few times a week before she decided Thor was dangerous). The way she words this makes me *really angry* because Thor didn’t “snap”. He saw a stranger break into his home, heard his owner scream in terror, and reacted to defend me, himself, and his house. Nothing about that screams “dangerous around children” to me, unless my niece is also going to break into my house and threaten me.

This is also a very emotional issue for me because Thor isn’t just a dog to me. He’s my safe place, my hero, the one who protected me and kept me safe when no one else could. I’ve also gotten increasingly anxious since this happened, and I can’t go anywhere without Thor. I barely leave my house, pay to pick up my groceries from the store instead of going in because I know Thor isn’t allowed inside, and all my friends know that if Thor isn’t welcome in their house, I’m not coming either (although they’re perfectly welcome to come hang out at my house instead). I am really going through it, and am working with a therapist to overcome this (luckily my office is still fully remote but I need to be able to go back to work once we’re in person again). But I really really need my brother and SIL’s support. I think my SIL thinks I’m just pouting and that’s why I won’t just leave the dog home and come over without him. I don’t know how to explain to them that the fear hasn’t stopped just because my stalker is in jail. It’s actually a lot worse than it was before. I’ve already suggested they come over and I crate Thor, but that wasn’t good enough for her. What can I do to make her understand the situation better?

tl;dr My dog took down my stalker after he broke into my house. Now I have severe anxiety and am too afraid to be without him, but my SIL thinks he’s unsafe around my 4 y/o niece. I don’t know how to make them understand that I really am too afraid to go anywhere without him and not just trying to win an argument.



My (39/m) husband wants to kick our (17/m) son out as soon as he graduates.
And I'm not so sure I agree. Our son is a senior atm but, he's expected to be graduating this year. He'll be turning 18 in August and that's when my husband wants to kick him out. He's persistent in his beliefs and unwavering he wants him to spread his wings, to handle life on his own. That also means we won't be giving him any sort of financial aid, etc.  It's not as if our son is lazy. He's a very hard worker and spends most his time cracking the books or at after school football practice. But, he wanted to hold off on College just until he can get a good idea to what he wants.  Personally, I found it very mature of him to want too but, my husband disagrees and thinks it's a sign of him being lazy and immature. We've been arguing non-stop. 

My argument is so long as he is working and helping out what's the harm in him staying? Why should one be expected to abandon their kids the moment they've become adults? He's our only child; our baby. I want him to leave when he is ready. Why push him out so soon? I sort of feel that as a mother I've failed if I'm abandoning him so soon when he isn't ready.



I (28) think my girlfriend (26) has been using my gym socks to wipe after going to the bathroom.
Throwaway, because reasons.

TL;DR: Found my gym socks in the garbage covered in poop. Asked girlfriend about it. She started yelling at me and crying and left.

I don't even know where to start with this. I'm dumbfounded. She just stormed out the house and I'm sitting on the bed asking myself A LOT of questions.

I live a pretty normal life, and I thought so did my girlfriend. We've been together for a few months and after things got serious, we moved in together. We started sharing a lot of the household responsibilities, but the one thing she was adamant on doing was the laundry. She would come home and find me in the bedroom getting the laundry together and would quickly ask me to go do something else. I'd come back to finish the laundry and she would have already started it. I always thought it was sweet and never her job to do it alone, but hey, if it makes her happy to do it all the time, I wouldn't stop her.

This is where it takes a turn for the weird. I keep all my socks and underwear in the bottom drawer of my dresser. I also go to the gym frequently, so I always keep a good supply of clean gym socks ready to go. I never kept count, but I know by just a visual glance I several pairs. This morning when I went to grab a fresh pair to pack for the gym, I noticed there were several dress socks, but no gym socks. Again, not weird, they must have been in the laundry. I went to check the laundry basket and it was empty, so I checked the washing machine and dryer. Both were empty. I couldn't figure out where all of my gym socks had gone. So, I did the very natural thing of asking my girlfriend what had happened to them. After all, she is the one who does the laundry all the time. She went silent, turned red and ran out of the room. When I went after her to see if she was okay she wouldn't talk to me. I told her I wasn't mad, I was just looking for my socks. She kinda mumbled "I'll don't know." I still wasn't mad, of course, but I was super confused. Socks just don't disappear. So I asked her again, even laughed about it and she just looked at me and got mad and said "I'll buy you new ones!"

The first thought that went through my head was she had somehow managed to destroy my socks while washing them. I thought the sight of that was actually pretty funny, so I joked with her about ruining my socks. Wrong. Thing. To. Say. She started immediately crying. Like, full on sobbing. At this point I don't care about the socks anymore, I want to know what's wrong with my girlfriend. I sat down next to her on the bed and put my arm around her and asked her of she was okay. She just kept saying she was sorry and that she would buy me new socks. I tried assuring her again it was okay. Even went so far as to say I would buy new socks and she didn't have to. I sat with her for a few minutes trying to calm her down and eventually had to get ready for work. I told her loved her and got my things together to leave for the day.

On my way out I grabbed the garbage to take outside. When I got outside I lifted the lid off the garbage can and I noticed a small plastic bag sitting on top of the garbage already in there. I could see through the bag (kind of the semi see through ones) there were socks in the bag. Since I was sure she had somehow managed to ruin the socks washing them, I wanted to see for myself. I opened the bag and immediately regretted my choice. There, inside the bag, were several pairs of my gym socks covered in what looked like poop. As soon as the smell hit me I knew it WAS POOP.

1. We don't own any pets.
2. We don't have any kids.
3. WHOSE POOP WAS ON MY SOCKS?

Work could wait. I couldn't go the rest of the day wondering why my gym socks were covered in poop and inside a plastic bag in the garbage can. I grabbed the bag and walked back inside. As soon as my girlfriend saw the bag she flipped out and started yelling at me. She said I shouldn't be going through the garbage and that I was disgusting for bringing it back into the house. I asked her to calm down and that I just wanted an answer as to why there was poop on my socks. I wasn't blaming her of anything, but she started accusing me of blaming her. That's when it clicked. I don't know what it was that lead me to ask this, but everything leading up to this moment had just been so crazy. I asked her "Is this your poop?" She started sobbing again and ran out of the house. I didn't go after her this time.

So, now I am sitting on my bed with a bag a poopy socks on the floor and a lot of questions in my head. The only conclusion is that she used them after going to the bathroom. Which that alone has its own set of questions above everything else. I sent her text asking her to come back. She hasn't responded yet. I don't even know what I'm going to say when (IF) she gets back.

UPDATE:

I had to leave for work and am now at work. Yes, I threw away the bag of poopy socks. She texted me back and she's clearly embarrassed, but felt she owed me an explanation. She said she didn't want to talk about it in person and that we could discuss it over texting and to NOT bring it up in person. I'm condensing the conversation and filling in some gaps as best as I can. Her responses are super short, but I'm getting the idea.

I flat out asked her if it was a fetish. It is not a fetish. She confessed to using the socks after going to the bathroom. I found the reason she always does the laundry is because she was hiding the fact that she uses socks to wipe with, primarily her own. I had no reason to question the amount of socks she ever has because who pays attention to that kind of thing? She thought I would notice and think it was weird since she doesn't own many socks. She admitted she has done this for a long time. Her reasoning, as best as I can understand, is that because she is a germaphobe (her word) and she is afraid toilet paper will tear and is afraid of getting her hands messy in ANY WAY. She uses socks because it covers her entire hand. After she's done with them, she throws them away. She used mine because she didn't have other socks.  

So, my girlfriend has a fear of getting poop on her hands so she wipes with socks, and has done so for a lone time. It could be worse, I guess. I hope we can laugh about this later. I'm trying to find the humor in it now, but I'm still weirded out. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;



My parents falsely accused my brother of being a creep and it's really affecting him.
My brother is 15, my sister is 17, and I'm 23f. This is really stupid and it shouldn't have happened but it did. Now I just want advice on how to make it better. Also this is the story my brother told me as I wasn't there.

He was in his room playing on his phone minding his own business. He got up to take out the trash. He came back to lay down im his bed. As he was laying down he noticed there dog walking out of his room. He ignored it.

Later on his sister 17 noticed clothes were missing. She went looking for it and found it in my brothers room. The problem was that is was wet and slimy. She immediately told our parents and they thought the worse. My dad, mom, and brother argued about it. 

Rude things were said. Apparently mom said I knew you were weird but not this weird. My dad said I raised a predator. In the end my parents asked me to pick him up and let him stay with me for a couple of days. When I picked him up he didn't say anything and just sat in silence.

He spent the entire time in the room he was staying in. He only came out for dinner. He skipped breakfast and lunch. His eye's were always red when he came out so I assume he was crying. I've never seen him cry. Most of the time when he's upset he just has a stone face so what they said must have got to him.

Finally at the end of the week he's parents called me and said they wanted to talk to him so they came over. Before they came over I tried to talk to him but he ignored me. When parents came they apologised to him. Over the week they noticed more of sister clothes in his room until one day my dad caught the dog with my sister clothes.

My brother just said okay and went home. I tried to ask my parents if he could stay longer but they said that wouldn't be necessary. Later on I got a call asking me what did he do over my house because he's just been in his room all day at there house. Is there anything I can do to help him feel better?

Advice would be greatly unappreciated.

Edit little update:Good news. He can stay with me until Sunday. I had to lie a little to parents to get him to come. I told them he should get out the house because he spends most of his day sitting in one spot with online school.

They didn't believe me a first but I said it would be a chance to get him out his room. They finally agreed. He was about to go to sleep so I came just in time. I think the plan right now is to just spent time with him this week. I'm broke so it's gonna be mostly home stuff.

I tried to talk to him on the car ride. I asked him if he's okay. He said he's fine and we had a little conversation about his school. So at least he's talking now. He's in the spare room so everything is okay right now.

Final update:
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/innyw1/updatemy_parents_falsely_accused_my_brother_of/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share



My boyfriend (35m) drugged me (26f) with Benadryl because we got into an argument before our road trip and he wanted me to sleep the whole time.
Update: posted on throwramerr1 if anyone sees this, due to the 48 hour rule. Just wanted to go ahead and post and let y’all know I’m okay. 
 
Update 2: Here was the post that got removed

Holy shit, y’all. 
I haven’t been on reddit since I posted my original here and I did NOT expect this. I had to make an extra account with similar name to post because of the 48 hour thing, but I know a lot of people were genuinely worried about me so I wanted to go ahead and post an update (sorry if that’s not allowed). 

Thank you guys so much, I can’t even believe the support/response I got. I ended up calling my brother and telling him about it and asking him how I should handle it, and he got in his car to come get me before I even finished telling him what all had happened. Him freaking out more than anything else made me realize that I wasn’t overreacting. I didn’t tell my boyfriend I was leaving until my brother was parked on the street and I just walked out with a few things. So now I’m in a messy breakup situation where he’s already tried to come by my moms house even though I told him I didn’t want to see him and that I’d get my stuff eventually, both from his parents house where he’s currently at and his actual house. Things are gonna be weird to figure out but I just wanted to let you guys know that I’m totally okay, thank you. I can’t reply to everyone who reached out/messaged so I hope you guys see this and know I appreciate it.





**


Monday we decided to make the 8ish hour drive back to our home state and quarantine there instead for a few months. Right before leaving, we got into a big fight because I wanted to stay at my mothers house for a while, he doesn’t want me to, among other things I won’t get into. Well, before leaving we decided to eat dinner so we didn’t have to stop anywhere. 

Fast forward to our drive and not long after hitting the road I passed out. Don’t even really remember falling asleep. Woke up one time for a while, drank some Gatorade *which he gave me*, and then I fell asleep again. I thought this was extremely weird because I wasn’t tired hardly at all and we didn’t even leave super early. I kept commenting on how weird it was that I was tired the whole drive and slept 90% of it. 

Yesterday the tension eased a bit and he made the offhanded comment that he wishes he could drug me more when I “act out” and argue with him. I ask him what he’s talking about. Proceeds to tell me he put Benadryl in my drink and that’s why I slept, so he didn’t have to deal with me. He literally said this as though it wasn’t that big of a deal! I’m still reeling from the conversation and completely floored. I don’t know if I’m overreacting or not but something tells me I’m not, and it’s extremely fucked up to put medicine in drinks. I don’t know what to do



Me [52M] just found out at least 4 of my 5 children [33F][30F][28M][24F][14F] are not mine. Wife [51F] wont say anything.
***Note: Please do not use ancestry kits as a paternity test. If you genuinely want to check your child is your own - get a proper paternity test at  your local MedLab (medical lab). Ancestry tests are not accurate, and should not be used to test paternity. In my case, it simply raised the alarm to get a proper test.***

--------------

I apologize if this is not an appropriate sub to ask. I posted this on  r/relationships but it was locked, and the mod suggested I ask on r/parenting. But I also want relationship advice on how to deal with my wife, so I want to ask for advice here, too.

--------------------

First of all, I'm sorry if this ends up being long and rambly, I am not really in the best state of mind. My world has been turned upside down over the last couple of weeks. I just want to write as much context as possible so I can get the best advice needed. For obvious reasons, I am not yet comfortable talking about this with my friends/parents/siblings.

---------------------

Background: I met my wife when we were in highschool and we married in college. We have 5 beautiful children together - really, I consider them a total blessing regardless of what I'm about to bring up - and up until a couple of weeks ago I thought that we had the perfect marriage. We were typical highschool sweet hearts, we go out together, we never fight, I feel like I've done everything a loving husband should do. I am saying this not to make myself out as the perfect husband, for example my work has always meant I work long hours and maybe haven't always been there when she needed me, but I want to stress that I've never felt our marriage was in any trouble. And never in a million years would I ever have suspected my wife of being disloyal - she's always done everything she could to support me and take care of our children.

Now, my eldest daughter recently had an ancestry test done. And the results of the ancestry test strongly suggested I was not her father. She confided this to me privately, showing me the results and I could tell she was visibly upset by this. Of course, the first thing I did was reassure her that no matter what, she's my daughter and I'll always love her unconditionally. But secondly, the two of us decided to get an official paternity test since the ancestry tests are not completely reliable. It comes back and I am indeed not her biological father.

This news really broke me. I'm ashamed to say I broke down in tears in front of my daughter. The combination of finding out about my wife's infidelity and how upset I was making my daughter by how I was reacting. I really wish I had kept it in for her sake, but I didn't.

Following this I asked my other children, except my youngest, to come and see me. I wanted to know the extent of my wife's infidelity - if it was a one off, I could maybe work past it, especially given how long ago it would be. However I didn't want to tell my youngest as she is still in school, a teenager, and really I didn't think it was appropriate to tell her yet.

We tell the other three what has happened, I reassure them that I love them unconditionally and that I'll always be there dad, but that I need to know how long this has been going on. God, I can't begin to explain how touching their reaction was. They didn't care I wasn't their biological father, they were just upset at how heart broken I was. I feel like the only thing that has kept me going these last couple of weeks is their unwavering support.

So we have paternity tests for each of the three done. Not only are none of them my biological children, together four of my children have three different fathers. Which somehow made it worse. It's like, she wasn't just having an ongoing affair, she was having multiple? I can't explain how this make it worse, but it just does.

So I confront my wife with this, expecting her to confess and beg for forgiveness. She doesn't confess. She doesn't even take it seriously. She says the tests must be flawed. All four? How the hell am I supposed to take that seriously?

I keep bringing it up and she keeps brushing it off, getting progressively more annoyed at me. When I bring it up she will try and guilt trip me. "We've been together since highschool, do you seriously not trust me?" etc. But how am I supposed to trust her in the face of such overwhelming evidence?

Now that I have rambled and explained what has happened. I guess let me ask a few direct questions for advice

1. How can I reassure my children this doesn't change anything between us? I feel like the way I have reacted, total break downs, has made them second guess this despite however many times I reassure them.

2. How do I handle my youngest daughter? I feel like our marriage is beyond saving, and I will need to tell my daughter something. I don't want her to know the truth until she's older, but I also don't want my wife lying and making me out to be the villain.

3. Is there anyway, anyway at all, you think I could or should save my marriage? I've been with my wife my entire life it's almost impossible to see a life without her. I know that the answer should be a clear cut "leave her", but we have 5 kids together. If there's anything that can be done to save our marriage, I want to consider it seriously.

tl;dr: Found out at least 4 of my 5 kids are not mine. Wife refuses to confess her infidelity. Unsure of how to do what's best for my children and marriage.

--------------------------

Edit: Thanks so much to everyone for all the support and advice. I have not replied to as many comments as I should have, but I've read each and every one and taken your advice to heart. I'll continue reading any comments or messages you send me. Again, I can't begin to thank you for all your support. If this is resolved I might post an update, but if she continues to lie then I don't think I'll bother, as there's not much more I can add. From the advice in this and the r/parenting thread I've decided to:

1. Get second tests just in case some freak accident has occurred.

2. Confront my wife with all four of my older children present.

3. Tell my youngest of the situation. Ask her if she wants to have a paternity test. It will be entirely her decision.

4. I'm 100% going to get some form of therapy. My mental state has really been deteriorating over the last couple of weeks, and I owe it to my kids to hold it to together.

5. Depending on whether my wife tells the truth, and what her explanation is (if any), I have not ruled out some form of counselling. But at the moment I think divorce is inevitable unless she changes her attitude drastically.

6. Contact a lawyer and prepare for divorce, if it comes to that

Once again I'd like to thank all of you for the time you took to express your support and share advice.

--------------------

Edit2: I guess I should clarify some things that people have been asking

1. **How did the ancestry results suggests I wasn't her father?** My family is entirely Irish. No relatives outside of Ireland other than my immediate family, and I even have the stereotypical red hair. My daughter's ancestry results showed nothing from the British isles/western Europe/northern Europe. That's what set off alarm bells, but it's by no means conclusive, hence the paternity tests.

2. **Which two children share the same father?** My two eldest daughters share the same father.

3. **How did your wife conceive your children?** Our eldest daughter was not planned. All the others were planned. Each time we conceived several months after we started trying. Our first three planned children were both our ideas, while she pressured me into having our youngest. She was in her late thirties and wanted one last child before it was too late, and eventually I agreed. She was conceived several months after we started trying, too.

4. **Are you infertile?** I don't know. I've never had a fertility test done. But the fact that none of our planned children are mine makes me think that I might be. I will have a  fertility test as soon as possible.






My (23f) boyfriend (24m) wants to move in with me. I want him to live alone first.
My boyfriend and I have been together 10 months. He lives with his parents (50s M+F) and younger brothers (10, 16, 18), no sisters. Before current events he was over my place basically every night. A couple nights ago he said that he wants to move in with me, if I'm up for it.

I've been to his place more than once, and I've seen how their dynamic works. His mother does everything for all 5 men in that house. Cooking, cleaning, the works. Basically all they have to do is put their laundry away after she washes/dries/irons/folds it. The reason the parents aren't forcing them to contribute is that this was the parent's agreement. He works, she's a stay at home, so she raises the kids/runs the household and he pays for everything, with one of the clauses being that as she's doing everything there's no need to involve the boys.

As a result, my boyfriend cannot do anything. I don't know how much of this is actual cluelessness and how much is him trying to get out of stuff, but he has told me, completely sincere (and I checked this with his mother), that he can't even fry an egg. Which is why, when my boyfriend suggested moving in together, I said I wanted him to live alone first.

His plan was basically to go straight from his mother's house to my flat. I told him my hesitation, which is that he can't do chores. He then offered to pay more rent (75%) in exchange for me doing all the chores. I said no. I don't want to be his mother, or his maid, I want to be his girlfriend.

Then I told him I wanted him to live alone. Go from his mothers house to his own place, figure out how to do all the things he's never done for himself, learn some basic life skills, and then revisit us living together.

This has caused a HUGE argument, biggest we've ever had. He's taken me saying he has no life skills as an insult, which it kind of was to be fair, and has basically said that clearly I don't want to live with him at all as I've pushed the moving in time back and have only said we'd "revisit" after a few months of him living alone, and I did say "revisit" because I wanted to make sure he actually knew what he was doing and wouldn't immediately switch back to offering more rent for no chores.

This was all a couple nights ago and he's just stopped talking to me. He's at his mum's, he's online, he's talking to mutual friends who have said he is responding, he just won't answer any of my calls/texts. He's told our friends what happened and they're all on his side, saying I was really mean/cruel. I love him, and I do want to live with him eventually, I just don't want to live with him if I'm doing everything, and the one thing I don't want is him paying extra for me to do all the housework.

Is there some sort of compromise, or some option I'm not seeing? What can I do to fix this?

TL;DR: Boyfriend is incapable of doing any household chores. He wants to move in together. I don't want to be his maid. We can't find a compromise and I would love any suggestions.

Update: he called me and agreed to talk. He then basically said that he was never going to be willing to learn to do anything, and even suggested dividing up the chores then I do my half and he hire a maid to do his half. Suffice to say this was something of a turn off and by the end of the conversation we broke up.



[31M] Husband cheated on [27F] me with his fit and skinny gym friend
I came home from work early (I'm an OB nurse so my hours are pretty unpredictable) and found female sneakers in the garage that weren't mine. At that point, I sort of already knew what I'd be walking into. My husband has recently become very fit and has been consistently going to the gym, during which he made a female friend who he even brought home for dinner last week. She's beautiful and thin and everything I am not, which instantly made me feel horrible. So, I talked to him about it. He encouraged me to build my confidence and reassured me he loved me and would always be loyal to me.

I walked into the laundry room from the garage and sort of tiptoed around the house before going upstairs. They were having sex. In our bed. With a framed picture from our wedding above the nightstand next to it. I silently left the room and got back in my car with tears streaming down my face and drove to get food and just sat in my car crying since. Its now almost 1am (walked in on them at 7pm) and I've returned to the hospital. He called me asking why I wasn't home and I told him my shift is extended but in reality, I'm laying in one of the on call rooms bawling my eyes out as I type this.

I feel so worthless and ugly and stupid. I don't even know how to proceed. On one hand I want to divorce him and never see him again, but on the other hand, I'm an ugly woman....its not like I can do better. I just want to die. I feel so gross and the self-loathing is getting too much right now. Advice please.

&#x200B;

Edit: Thank you all for the kind comments and support. Please stop commenting, however. I think I've heard just about everything (including some horrible things about my weight). I don't care about "internet points" or whatever and the notifications are getting crazy. Reading through these comments has been a nice way to keep myself sane these past few hours. I still have no idea what I am going to do and I know everyone wants me to leave, but a marriage is more than can be illustrated with a couple of words on a website. He was a great husband and I can't help but feel at fault for neglecting myself weight-wise. I don't know if I will stay, but that's all I really know right now.

&#x200B;

Edit: I didn't expect this to blow up as much as it did and while I'm incredibly grateful for all the nice and supportive comments...please please please stop messaging me about how I should stop eating or laugh at me for expecting a faithful husband while being overweight. It is incredibly upsetting and I am already going through a lot. I feel I need to clarify since everyone seems to care that I had food after I found out. I had been working a shift from 7am to 6:30pm during which I had been all over the place. I had lunch at 11am and nothing else until I left. I was starving and hurt and driving around with tears streaming down my face. Please stop harassing me about that.



My(26M) gf(24F) told me she is pregnant but I am sterile
I am from a SEA country and my first language is not english.

Backstory: I got into an accident after my college and will never be able to have kids. None of my family members know of this. They know about the accident but not about this. I have always wanted to be childfree so it did not affect me much mentally.

I have finished my Masters Degree last year and never dated before. I got a very high paying job directly through campus placements. My parents immediately wanted me to get married after getting a job but I wanted to work on myself and explore a bit. They said no and I said that it was my wish. All my life I did what they wanted and for the first time when I talked against them, they were not happy. This was last year and they gave up after covid started.

So I picked up some dating apps and went through them but no luck. Then my parents introduced me to a family friends daughter and we clicked kinda. Looking back, I was a fool. She said yes to anything I said and never complained about anything. I felt kinda weird about it. I wanted her to express her interests but she always said she was interested in whatever I do. Well, i did not think much about it.

I said that i wont have kids ever and she surprisingly said ok. I was like damn, she is probably the one as it is very hard to find a partner who is childfree in my country (or atleast i thought), but we were in the initial stages and I have not told about my accident. Long story short, we had sex a month ago, i used condoms because safety first. The next day on, she started ghosting me a bit. I thought it was due to my performance in bed and wanted to give her some space. Then she texted infrequently and only replied OKs and Ks and one line answers. I thought maybe she wanted to end the relation and was sad but left it at that.

Yesterday, all her family came to my house and she claims shes pregnant and the father is me. Needless to say, I freaked the fuck out and wanted to collapse on the ground. I did not say anything while they were talking about marriage and stuff that needs to happen because I got her pregnant.

Please advice me on what steps to take now reddit

UPDATE: Let me start off by saying im very very grateful for all the redditors who took their time to read and give me advice. I was overwhelmed by the amount of comments and how many of you said it might not even be my kid. Looking at it from a different perspective gave me much more insight on the whole situation. I called my boss and took today off.

I called up some clinics to get tested and was given a slot on Friday afternoon. Then I went to the store and bought some pregnancy tests and asked only her to come to my place tomorrow ( i.e today morning). I also called my parents and my before I said anything, my mom asked me if I had any good news, I was shocked by what she said and asked me what exactly she was talking about. She then played dumb and I knew that the situation was more fucked that I thought. I cut the call and cried all night till 3am, grown ass man crying for the first time since 8th class. 

She came today morning with her parents even after I told her to come alone. They were under the impression that I was gonna discuss engagement plans with them. I told them to wait outside and called her in and they threw a fit. I told they can all go back or let her alone come in, they said ok. 

I took out the pregnancy tests and gave it to her and told her to prove that she was actually pregnant and told her where the bathroom was. She started screaming at me(never done this before, I was shocked at this), then she went out the door and called her parents in. Now everyone is screaming at me in my own home because I asked her to prove the pregnancy not even a DNA test. I told them all to fuck off and one hour later my parents and they all came to my home and they spilled the beans. She was never actually pregnant(as many redditors said), my parents were afraid that I was getting old for marriage and wanted me to marry and give them grandchildren. They said that in arrange marriages, no need for the people to actually get to know the spouse because parents choose only the best for their kids. They planned this all and were only waiting for me to have sex with her to do this. I broke down and cried again. All my life, I did exactly what my parents wanted, always scored high and never asked for anything. I told them to get out and never talk to me again in between crying and they said parents know whats best for their kids and I should do what they say. Then I got extremely angry and told them to fuck themselves in my native language which was very bad. For once, I think they knew I was serious with them and they all left. I blocked them all before sending my parents a message to never again contact me in my life even if one of you is dying. 

Cried for some more time, went through some dog videos and went through all my messages on reddit and I feel like I owe you guys this update because it was you guys who helped me do this. That is all and I hope you have a wonderful day.



My husband is mad that I let my 16 year old son bathe our 2 year old daughter.
Last night I had a really bad migraine and my husband was at work. I asked my son(16m) if he could give his sister(2f) a bath since my head was killing me.

He was perfectly fine with this and when my husband got home he found me asleep. He woke me up asking if I had made dinner or given our daughter a bath yet. I told him that I had a migraine so our son gave her a bath. He screamed at me saying that this was not ok for him to do unsupervised.

He said that my migraine was no excuse to not take care of her. Then my son hears him yelling at me and tries to get him to stop. He hasn’t spoken to either of us since, what should I do

Edit my son is not related to my husband



My little sister just told me that our parents said that they regret having her
I(20m) have a younger sister(6f) and she always hangs out with me whenever I’m home.

Yesterday I was playing video games and she walks into my room crying. I ask her what’s wrong and she said that our parents just told her that they regret having her. I confront my parents about it and they said that they find her extremely annoying and that if they knew that she would be like this they have aborted her.

The part that pisses me off the most is that the reason they think she is annoying is that she is mentally slow and often doesn’t understand certain things. We got into an argument and afterwards my sister wouldn’t leave my side. They want me moved out within 2 months but I don’t know how my sister will handle not having me around to comfort her.

I’ve been extremely worried about leaving her due to the way she gets treated, what should I do



My (20F) boyfriend (20M) said that I was embarrassing him while I was giving birth to our baby
Update post: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hv4wc1/update_my_boyfriend_said_that_i_was_embarrassing/fyt0y1e/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

We have been in a relationship for 1 year and we had a baby boy last week. I had a natural birth and my bf was there throughout the whole process. I screamed A LOT and each time I did he whispered something like "can you stop screaming, you're really embarrassing me". I also threw up a few times and I saw him cover his face in shame. When I held the midwife's hand for comfort he whispered "let go of her, stop being so embarrassing". He also said that my birthing position was embarrassing and called me a few vulgar names.

I'm really upset about his behaviour that day, especially when it was when I needed his support the most. When  I try to talk to him about it he denies ever saying it and that I'm being silly...

Edit: I know that there are a lot of comments but I am reading them all, and I just want to thank everybody for the advice and support so far. :) 
I spoke to my mum about this but she is the very traditional type and although she said his behaviour is wrong, I should try couple counselling first. I really don't think he is going to listen to me when I suggest getting help but I'll try. I am also going to talk to my public health nurse.

Edit 2: Thank you so much to everybody who commented and dmed me with words of support and those who have also been in similar situations. I have since tried to discuss the option of couple counselling to him but to no avail, which didn't surprise me. My mum has agreed to let me stay there until I can find a new place for myself and baby. I haven't said anything to him yet, I've been advised not to so I am still planning out how I am going to take the next step.



I(23M) found a sextape on my girlfriend's(23F) phone. And it wasn't ours.
I've been dating this girl for over 5 years. She's very special to me. Even at this point, I can't help but hope she's not too worried about why I've been acting so oddly. I honestly was planning to marry her sometime in the future as soon as we settled into our adult lives.

One day we were chilling at her house when I asked her if she could send me the funny picture she took earlier that day of one of our puppies. She was busy on her pc so she told me to just grab her phone to send it to myself. When I went into her phone gallery I noticed a "hidden" folder which I hadn't seen before. out of curiousity I opened it. It was filled with her nudes. Most I've already seen. Some of which she's never sent to me before. I thought maybe she was stockpiling for whenever I asked for any. I clicked on a video. It was a sextape. It was from the POV of the guy but the thing is. I dont remember ever filming it. It 100% wasnt me. trust me, i know what my own schlong looks like. My girlfriend recorded having sex with another man. 

For the last 5 years. We've had a few share of fights, but nothing too serious. She'd always make me feel loved and I could tell she really cares about me. Or at least I thought she did. After I returned her phone to her, I quickly got up and went home. I couldn't stay there any longer. And now I'm here. I dont really know what to do. I'm planning on confronting her and breaking it off but right now I'm just so in shock. 5 years down the drain. and I feel like I just lost my best friend. I'm not really sure how to feel. I can't think straight. What would be the best way to handle this situation?



My [36M] wife [34F] keeps tying my boots after I've told her to keep her hands off of them. I tried to teach her a lesson and really hurt her feelings.
Yes, I know the title is bizarre and I can't believe I'm actually writing this. My wife is a neat freak. Always has been. She throws notes on my desk out assuming they're garbage, my belongings get rearranged to the point where it takes me hours to find them, it's something I've come to accept. I'm not happy about it, but we have a pretty happy marriage on the whole.

I am a volunteer EMT, and I keep my boots unlaced up against the wall next to my clothes hamper so that I can throw them on along with my uniform if a call comes in during the middle of the night.  Well, my wife has taken to tying the boot laces when she sees them untied. Not only does she tie them, but she tightens them and double knots them to the point where I need to undo the knot, open up the boots, and let a little slack out to fit my feet into them.  I ignored it the first two times, but the third time she did it, I made it a point to bring up to her the next day.

I very calmly said, "Hun, I appreciate that you want everything neat, but please do not touch my boots in the future. Time is of the essence when I'm going on a call and at 2 in the morning I don't have the time to unlace them and open them up. It's not just a minor inconvenience, it's people's lives, so I would appreciate it if you left them alone."

She rolled her eyes, said I was being dramatic, and that she wouldn't help me out by keeping my things neat in the future.

Well she never stopped. No matter how many times I've asked her, told her, begged her; she just laughs and says, "Well you know how I am!"

The other night a page went out for a CPR in progress.  I went to throw my boots on and they were, once again, tightened beyond recognition.  So I'm sitting there on the edge of the bed, cursing, trying to get my boots open, and fumbling due to the stress of the situation.

My wife opened her eyes, groggily looked at me, and asked, "Don't you need to go on that call?"

I know I was in the wrong here, and I regret it. I slammed the boot into the ground and yelled, "Yes! I do! I would have been out the door five minutes ago, except SOME STUPID MOTHERFUCKER FUCKED WITH MY GODDAMN BOOTS AGAIN!"

My wife got up without another word, walked into the bathroom and slammed the door. I got my boots open and went on the call. By the time we arrived, the police had gotten her back, so I didn't have to do CPR, but I was sweating and shaking thinking my delay could have cost a life.

I got home and my wife wasn't talking to me. She ignored me the entire day until we finally sat down and talked. She said I had scared her with how angry I got, that she thought I was going to hit her, and she didn't know I was capable of getting so angry. Note: I have never raised a hand to her, nor have I ever yelled at her before; I am absolutely not a violent person in any way shape or form.

I apologized for yelling at her, and acknowledged that I hadn't meant to snap at her, I was frustrated with the situation as I needed to get to the person in need of CPR as soon as possible and it was a delay that didn't need to happen.  I, once again, pleaded with her not to touch my boots because lives were literally on the line.

She told me that if I was going to overreact and make her afraid then she would never touch my boots again because she didn't want to live like that.

Last night, before I got into bed, I had a sinking feeling, so I went over and checked my boots.  I was very disappointed to find them tightened up again.  So I decided to show her how it felt. I went over to her closet and pulled out her running shoes.  I unlaced the shoelaces on both of them, removed them from the shoes completely, curled them each into a little coil, put them inside the shoes, and put them back.  I then went to sleep.

At 6:15 I was woken up by my wife screaming, "How could you!? Why would you do this?" holding up both laceless shoes with tears in her eyes.  My wife likes to go for an early morning run and I knew she would want to get out the door as soon as possible.

I smiled and said, "You know how I am! I just like things neat!" She continued sobbing and walked out of the room.  So, by the time she was all laced up again, it was raining so she missed out on her run.  I actually feel pretty terrible about that because I really only wanted to delay her, not ruin her plans completely.

At this point, she's alternating between crying that I went out of my way to hurt her and ignoring my presence. I acknowledge that what I've done has been pretty childish and not at all constructive. I just don't know what to do.

She said, through tears, "You admitted you were totally in the wrong for yelling at me, and then you turned around and took it out on me in a different way! What is wrong with you?"

The problem is, to her, an apology means taking on 100% of the fault.  When I apologized for blowing up, she took that to mean she was 100% in the right and that my feelings were completely unjustified. So at this point, I haven't apologized for ruining her run, because she'll take that to mean that she wasn't wrong to touch my boots.

I've tried to have these discussions but it's in one ear and out the other.  We have such a good relationship otherwise, but I feel like this issue has reached a tipping point and it's going to continue to result in arguments until we resolve it.

How do I make things right with my wife while still letting her know that I won't tolerate her disrespecting my property anymore?

Edit: Wow! This blew up! I went through comments for six hours last night and I still have 1.8k to get through.  I promise you I am reading every one of your comments and appreciate the advice.  A couple things to address points that keep getting brought up.

1. My wife has never been diagnosed as having OCD. As an EMT, I'm very careful about labeling someone as having a disorder as I don't have the proper qualifications to make that diagnosis. I do agree that it's time for her to see somebody, get a proper diagnosis, and address these issues.
2. My boots lace up in the front and zipper on the side. They're not a full unzip but rather an unzip to open them up a bit. The way my wife is tying them makes them impossible to get on even with the zipper down. They're weather proof and great for standing on rough terrain or the highway after accidents. They're only about a year old and were actually a gift from my wife. I've not considered Velcro before, I'm a bit hesitant to do that as I don't know that they wouldn't catch on things or wear out quicker.  I've tucked the laces in but she still tied them up.
3. This is a bit of compulsive behavior on my part. I don't leave my boots in the garage because my mother was a smoker growing up and that's where she would smoke. So I would end up with ashes in my shoes and having them reek of tobacco after. So I developed a habit of wearing them into my home. Also, if I leave them there, they're likely to get moved someplace 'safe' where it will take me even longer to find them.  Putting the boots in the closet, she found them and tied them.  Putting them under the bed or out of sight they were found, tied, and moved to the closet.
4. I honestly believe that a footlocker or any other kind of box would get moved to where I would have to wake her up to find it. If it's locked, then my keys are likely to go missing. For some reason, sitting on my dresser is not appropriate but in the pocket of a jacket downstairs in the closet is.
5. I am likely going to start putting my boots in the car. Though I had to laugh at the people suggesting decoy boots. As much as it may seem like it, I'm not living in a Spy vs. Spy cartoon.
6. I am a volunteer EMT. We respond from home. We don't have sleeping quarters, and I work the overnight shift so I sleep during my shift, get out of bed when a call comes in, drive to the building, and take the ambulance to the scene. This is typical of volunteer organizations.  Paid EMS is more likely to have sleeping quarters or even require EMTs to be in the truck throughout their shift. Community based EMS is more likely to take 911 calls and respond to emergencies whether paid or volunteer.  Private EMS is more likely to take transport requests such as to/from dialysis or chemotherapy as well as hospital to nursing facility discharges.
7. To those who have told me that I don't have the right to use the word lifesaving, on my dress uniform I have pins for 3 defibrillator saves and 4 for CPR saves. I've crawled into a car wreck to open someone's airway and bag them until we could get them out. While transporting a patient I recognized signs of internal injury and ordered we divert to a trauma center, where he was put directly into emergency surgery that saved his life.  Did I do these things entirely by myself? No, of course not. I would never claim that I was the sole reason someone lived. However, I am, at my very basest level, as vital link in the chain or survival. So while I can't claim complete credit for any of the things I've done, I would certainly put a lot of blame on myself if someone didn't live because of something I failed to do.
8. I have a full-time job that I work 8-5 Monday - Friday outside of EMS.  That is why I volunteer on the night shift. My wife works as a payroll manager for a mid-sized office.  I earn about $10,000 a year more than her.  We've been married for two years. While I lived on my own before we were married, she didn't move into the apartment until we got engaged. So, I think to her, that was my place, not ours, and she didn't really touch my things.  I was with another EMS organization until we moved to a new town after our engagement.  When we bought the house, I joined the local volunteer squad as an EMT. My wife regards my job as part of my identity while she sees the EMS as something I volunteer to do. She would say, "This is my husband, he is \[job title\]," not "This is my husband, he is an EMT."
9. Thank you for all the awards on this post. You're all very kind. I appreciate so much that you took the time out of your day to acknowledge things and want to help me.

tl;dr Wife keeps tightening my boots when I'm not wearing them, delaying me on ambulance calls. I finally had enough, and she's calling my response abuse.



I [46M] promised my son [18M] that his mother and I would match whatever he saved for a car upon his high school graduation. He ended up with a lot more than we could have predicted, and now we don’t know what to do.
When he turned 16 and got his license, we allowed him to use an old car from a relative. At that time, my son had around $5k in savings. We made him a promise saying that we’d match whatever he ended up with at graduation. Reasonably, we thought he’d maybe double that to $10k through jobs and we’d match for a reasonable $20k car. 

He now has $35k to use for a car. He said he did have a little over $10k but that he bought smart stock options in April and now will have around $35k after tax (personally I don’t think he did anything besides get stupid lucky). 

He is insisting that we follow through with our promise and match that. Financially, it’s not a huge dent for us since he also surprised us with a nice merit scholarship (that he did *earn*). The problem arises in that we really don’t want to break the promise we made to him, but we also strongly believe that an 18 year old driving around in a **SEVENTY THOUSAND DOLLAR** car is a very bad idea. He can’t even take it to school until his sophomore year, and the insurance on that will be a nightmare. 

What I am asking is, would the better course of action be to break the promise, and likely face resentment? Or keep it and cough up the money?

Thanks in advance for the advice.

Edit: Talked about it with my wife; we are considering a couple of avenues atm including trust or maybe fixed income until it can be used for med school. My son uses Reddit and considering that this is on r/all now, I’m just waiting for him to see it and burst into my home office room.

Edit2: He’s super duper close with his girlfriend. I told her, and she said she’d talk him out of it. Personally, I totally understand where my son is coming from. I wanted a car like that at that age too, and my parents did end up indulging just a little bit, but now I can see how it was a waste of money. I only used it for two years. I’ll make an update post in a few days about what happens.



My wife "baby-trapped" me
I put baby-trap in quotation marks because I'm not sure what she did is the actual definition of baby trap, she didn't have a kid to make me stay, just against my will.

So my wife (32F) and I (34M) have been together for eight years. We have a little girl (5F) and a baby boy (2M). I love both of them more than anything and I finally feel like I have everything. A beautiful wife, two healthy kids, a great career, and a big house. The token "American Dream", minus the dog, I'm allergic.   
When we talked about kids before, my wife always said she wanted two. I only wanted one, it would be easier and we'd have more money for vacations and stuff, but my wife maintained it's important for a child to have a sibling. I grew up with four and my wife with none, so I guess I understand where she's coming from. 

After our son and getting through the baby years and sleepless nights for the second time, I didn't want to ever go through that again. Both kids were very fussy and colicky. But when he was a year old, my wife began casually mentioning a third. I would laugh it off but finally she sat me down and said we have to have a third. I said no, we agreed on two, but she said she wanted *four* and three is the compromise. I refused and said I wanted one and we have two. She got angry and called me selfish for taking away her dream of wanting a big family.

A couple days later, she apologized and we had sex. I noticed her drive increased exponentially but so did mine and I was happy to engage her. She was on birth-control, I had a condom, it was all good. Thinking back on it, I probably should have figured something was up, but I was barely handling two little kids and work on top of housework and yardwork and everything. 

I came home from work one day, while the kids were at their grandparents. My wife had a huge smile on her face and she sat me down and showed me a positive pregnancy test, literally dancing in joy.

My first thought was, "*oh shit*." My wife noticed a less-than-happy expression on my face and started screaming at me. She berated me for not being supportive and this was a "miracle from God" and I should be grateful. I said I was sorry and hugged her and said I was super excited for the baby. My wife was delighted and later that night she was calling all family and friends to happily tell them the news. When she was talking about the nursery and how we'll convert my office into a room I started to get a little suspicious. Everything was so well thought-out and it seemed like she'd been planning this for a while. 

When she was asleep, I took the condoms out of the cupboard and ran them under water. Holes.   
I nabbed her phone and saw she'd set a password. That was odd. Nevertheless, my wife has a terrible memory so I tried her birthday and it opened. Further up were texts with her best friend of my wife complaining how I wouldn't come around. Her best friend suggested "arrange an accident" with a winky face. My wife agreed and said she was going to come off of birth control. It went on for a little while, ending with my wife saying that yes, we *were* going to have a 3rd. 

So I woke her up immediately and asked her if this had really been a "miracle"? She got that deer-in-headlights look and burst into tears. She wailed and then she got angry. Through tears she screamed I had no right to go through her phone and it's her choice whether or not she wants to take BC, the side-effects are bad and she was sick. She also brought up if I really didn't want a third kid, I should have had a vasectomy. She told me to go sleep on the couch, I laughed out loud and said no, I'm sleeping here, you're leaving. So while wailing she packed a bag and left to her parents. When she called the next day I told her I just need some time to myself. She said that's fine but I need to come around for our child. I told her I wasn't sure if it'd be "our child" and she cried more.

It's been two weeks since then. Governments recommended to stay at home and I knew staying home by myself while also working with two kids would not be ideal and she wanted to see our kids. So we're  in the same house, she constantly keeps on stopping me and trying to get me excited for our kid and planning the nursery and names and how happy our kids will be to get a younger sibling. I've been ignoring her entirely. 

What do I do? Staying home with her is bad enough and I don't know if I should leave her over this. I don't trust her anymore. She entirely betrayed it. I'm angry. But I have another child on the way.



My [23F] boyfriend [25M] used the dog's savings for a computer
I know the title is a little odd but it was the best way I could summarize what he's done. 

I have an 11-year old senior German Shepard. He was hit by a car in 2018 and we went through a very difficult recovery process. He had seizures, urine issues, constant fear of anything going fast near him like I couldn't throw a ball anymore. We had another puppy but our senior was so stressed we had to rehome her. You would have sworn he was displaying abused behavior but he was just scared. 

He's moved past all of that and I'm so proud of him. The vet prescribed zoniamide for his seizures and so far he's been recovering well. We were discussing ways to improve his "mobility". Its like a walking cane, but for dogs, and it has sensory objects on the end to prevent him from bumping into furniture. We tested it in the office and his mood improved instantly but at that time I couldn't afford more treatment for him so I opted to come back.

I met D earlier this year while walking him. He's known since day 1 that my dog requires special treatment and I would absolutely provide it. Everything went well and he wasn't controlling or abusive. Everything just "clicked" but its my fault because I was too comfortable. We were talking about finances and I told him about my debt and the money I was saving up for my dog. After paying off the debt from his previous treatments I didn't want to open another card so I started saving cash in a little fireproof chest. He stole it. Yesterday, I went to his place I noticed he has a new setup. I was asking him where he got the money from and we fought and he said "he's half dead anyway, you need to let go". 

He's not even close to dying. He's a little older but he's nowhere near dying age. We go to the veterinarian regularly and everything checks out as well as it can be given his circumstances. No one has ever mentioned death, we've only been looking at the future and improvements. 

I'm so upset, what do I do? We're both students I don't want to call the police and ruin his future but that was for my baby to get what he needed so he can walk around my home comfortably.



Yesterday, my(33m) wife's (34f) best friend (female) contacted me and told me that her husband and my wife were having an affair and my 3yo daughter is actually his daughter.
Wife and I have been together since high school. Married for 10 years. I'm really drunk, so pardon me for this gibberish. 

My wife's best friend Megan and I work for the same company( different departments ). So yesterday, she wanted to meet me after work and told me that she had to tell me something. So I met her and she immediately broke down and started crying. I tried to console her and asked if something was wrong and she told me that my wife and her husband were having an affair. 

According to her, this affair has been going on for years and she also told me that her husband was my daughter's biological father. She confronted her husband and he didn't deny anything. 

And when I confronted my wife, she tried to deny everything but when I told her that Megan told me about it, she broke down and started crying. 

I really don't know what to do. I mean, everything was a lie right? My little girl Taylor is not mine and my wife blatantly faked everything for years. What do I live for now? I just don't know what to do. Just here for some advice. I'm sorry if this felt like a rant.



My girlfriend said something to me yesterday that felt like a punch to the gut
Me (17m) and my girlfriend (also 17) have been going out 8 and a bit months. We didn't have sex together straight away and first did it only a few weeks ago. I was a virgin before that so I'm not experienced at all and so far I've not been able to make her cum.

Before dating me, my gf was dating my brother. It was awkward at first but we're all okay now. Anyway so last night I tried my best to make her cum but in the end she told me to "just stop" so I did. Then she said "your brother turned me on so much more than you do". I was so shocked by her saying that I didn't know what to say back. She got dressed and left the house and we haven't spoken yet.

I just feel so confused about how I feel. I know I'm not as attractive as my brother but I didn't think she would say that. Am I just being a baby and getting upset over nothing? I understand she's probably fed up and she might have just said it in the moment.



I (28/M) got beat up in front of my (29/F) g/f.
It was late and we were walking about the park. I went to the Restroom. I come back and some jackoff is sexually harassing with my g/f. Shes very uncomfortable (doing her best not to panic)and lets him know so and that her boyfriend is nearby. He's not listening. I approach him and kindly tell him to fuck off or I'll call the Police. Dude is very clearly drunk as I can smell the beer on him. As we turn to leave he grabs her ass and tells her to leave me and come to him. I turn around and hit him. My girlfriend has been a victim of sexual assault before and she's doing her best not to breakdown. I'll spare you the details other then I got my ass kicked. He left after that. My girlfriend had a panic attack in the car after that. 

I just feel letdown I couldn't help her.  I feel embarrassed, emasculated. Shes been a victim of sexual assault before so this harassment is traumatic. I wasn't able to hep her. I wasn't there for her. I feel worthless. I could have held it in, I could have just left earlier like she wanted. its been two days and she's still traumatized over it. She has an emergency therapy meeting today and hasn't been to work. Shes been crying and I've attempted to help her but, it's clear I can't.



Can't wait until Thursday....My(48M) wife(44F) is going to be SHOCKED
[**\*\*\*UPDATE\*\*\***](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/b9v8sv/update_dont_want_to_have_a_clickbait_title_wifes/)

So, wife and I have been together 17 years.  We are still stupid for each other, and she is the absolute love of my life, best friend, confidant, and co-conspirator.  About two years ago she started having joint aches and pains, and some minor swelling in her hands, wrists, ankles, etc.  So off we got to the GP, who gives us a consult to a Rheumatologist.  Come to find out, she has rheumatoid  arthritis, no worries, she starts treatment.  Fast forward to a month ago, when our North Texas weather decided to go full mental, and start changing temps and rain/weather by the hour it seemed.  She woke up after overnight temp changes and thunderstorms, and her hands were HUGE, worse, her small petite fingers looked like sausages.  And even though she had been previously warned about this, had slept in her wedding ring.  So, off to the doctors office....where they had to cut off her ring.  So, now for the bad, our rings were special ordered from Ireland and custom designed, and have words in Gaelic around the exterior of the ring, negating any type of "repair", and they were designed and made......17 years ago.  She was absolutely GUTTED.  I assured her we would figure it out, and it wasn't a big deal, but I could tell, to her, it was.

Begin Sherlock Holmes Mode.  I googled until I couldn't google anymore.  I was able to find that the original jeweler had closed up shop 10+ years ago just due to age.  I searched some more.  I finally found his personal Facebook page, and I message him, and wait......and wait......

I finally get a response from his daughter, that she had noticed a pending message on her Da's page, and that he passed away just six months ago.  I express my condolences, and she asks what was the purpose of my inquiry.  I go into this long diatribe about what had happened, etc.  She tells me she understands, and is so sorry about what had happened.

Fast forward a couple of weeks.  I get a message on Facebook from an unknown person, until she explains this was the daughter of the jeweler.  She explains that she went through all her dads designs and looked up the approximate dates, and thinks she found the drawings, details, and MOLDS in her dads things, and wanted me to confirm.  She sent pictures, and I confirmed that YES - THOSE ARE OUR RINGS!  She said she would get all of this to us as soon as possible, and asked for our address.

I open my email this morning to find tracking information, and pictures.  OF OUR RINGS.  She went ahead and had her BROTHER, who had taken over her fathers business make our wedding bands again, in her original size, and two extra in two larger sizes in case her condition causes her fingers to swell/change, and mailed them out to us, at no charge.  I asked why they did both as mine was fine, and she said it would not be fair that my wife had to have a new ring, and I was allowed to keep my old one.  She told me we needed to put our original set away, and to enjoy our new wedding bands.  I asked about compensation, and she said she was honored to keep her dads work and spirit alive.

Our "New" Wedding Bands will be here Thursday.

Trying to think of romantic way to present her with them as she has NO IDEA any of this took place.

\*Edit - I rarely keep anything from her, but didn't want to tell her I was trying only for her to be ultimately disappointed.  The absolute hardest thing for me from now until they arrive will be to NOT tell her as we tell each other EVERYTHING.  So now I not only need to figure out HOW to do this, but NOT to spill the beans until then.  (Our friends nicknamed us Mickey and Mallory as well as Marshall and Lilly from "How I Met Your Mother", because we literally tell each other everything)

\*Edit 2 - I thought about taking her to our local favorite restaurant, where I actually proposed to her, she's a nurse (VA Nurse - how we met 18 years ago), and so ALWAYS goes to the bathroom to wash her hands prior to ordering, when I originally proposed, I waited until she got up to wash her hands, dropped her ring in her wine glass, and...."waited".....am thinking of a repeat.

\*Edit 3 - And to those of you saying "I" am awesome, not in the slightest.  SHE is my world, she brought two sons to this add water family that were my pleasure to raise, and are now my best friends.  She is the reason I breathe, and supported all of us when I went back to school to achieve my two doctorates to advance my career.  She is my hero.  I wake up every day to earn her all over again.  This was one small thing I was able to do to bring her happiness, her joy is why I have a heartbeat.  And I don't give  a good flying f\* at a rolling donut if I seem sappy.  If a man isn't allowed to get sappy over his wife, he shouldn't have one.

TL;DR Wife had to have rings cut off due to swelling from arthritis, I went Hardy Boys and found original jeweler, who had passed away, daughter found original molds/order, and recreated rings without my knowledge and mailed them out.  Was seeking advice on how to give her the new wedding bands.

&#x200B;

[**\*\*\*UPDATE\*\*\***](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/b9v8sv/update_dont_want_to_have_a_clickbait_title_wifes/)



Should I [40F] report my niece [17F] to the police?
My parents are going away for Christmas, so before they did they hosted an early Christmas party at their home, which my whole family went to including me my husband and our 16 year old daughter Laura.

My sister and her daughter Rachel were there too. She's a year older than Laura and they don't get along. In fact we try to avoid them as much as we can due to amount of times that Rachel has upset and tormented Laura. Rachel is naturally very smart and is always top of her class, and is also very pretty. While I've always been happy for her and wished her the best, these things have constantly been used to excuse her. My sister even went as far as to accuse Laura of lying because she is jealous of Rachel's looks and talents.

Laura took up boxing last year and has progressed really well. She's going to compete at a higher level next year and her coach is extremely proud of her. My sister has insisted that the boxing is nothing more than ''a phase'' and has gone out of her way to downplay it in favour of her daughter's academic stuff.

At my parents place Laura went to sort out some presents under the tree, and Rachel followed her. She was wearing stiletto high heels, and when Laura had her hand on the floor Rachel stamped on it. She was in agony.

We went to the hospital, and after a follow up visit to the doctor today Laura needs extensive physio, and will not be able to box for an indefinite period. She's in floods of tears because of this.

I was raging at my sister, who is so deluded that she insists that it was an accident. I'm sorry, but after years of calling Laura ugly, stupid, fat and anything else she could think of do you really expect me to believe that this was an innocent mistake? Rachel for her part put on the crocodile tears for everyone, and only her parents believed it.

My husband wants to tell the police and I do too. I warned my sister about this, and she broke down crying too, saying that her daughter's teachers have encouraged her to apply to the top universities because they think she's got a good chance of getting in, and that if she ends up with a criminal record then that will be ruined.

No sympathy from me. Frankly Rachel took something that my daughter loves away from her and left her in huge amounts of pain. She shouldn't just have her chances ruined, she should get locked up.

I know it sounds awful of me but she did an awful thing and needs to face the consequences. Laura is utterly heartbroken and Rachels parents won't punish her.



My 8 year old cousin accused me of spying on her while she showered
My(17m) family is having a reunion at our house and my cousin(8f) often lies to get people in trouble.

Yesterday I had to use the bathroom and accidentally walked in on my cousin in the shower. I apologized and left but when she got out she told everyone that I was spying on her. Several of my family members believed her while others knew that she was lying. Since they were staying at our house for a week I have to spend the rest of the time in my room not leaving unless I had to use the bathroom.

It’s Aggravating to have almost half of my family think I’m a creep and get punished for it. What should I do

Edit:I didn’t hear the shower running because my hearing aids had died and I didn’t have anymore batteries



I (38m) just found out that my brother (19m) has been perving on my wife (37f)
Throwaway cause I'm still the only one that knows 

Background: My brother has been staying with us since lockdown, after his University closed. He couldn't stay with our parents cause they just sold the house and moved to a 1 bedroom apartment and our sister lives in a different part of the country. He was the "oops" baby so I hope that explains the age gap. My wife and I have a 5 bedroom home but currently don't have children yet (we decided to adopt 2 kids in our 40s) so we let him stay here. 

My brother has always been... Different. He's a bit of a loner and doesn't have a lot of friends outside of his online group. He's a shy geeky kid but he's otherwise alright (or so I thought) when you get to know him.

So here's what happened

The wifi doesn't quite reach my brother's room so he usually does his school work and other stuff in the dining room. A few nights ago, I was walking to the fridge after waking up in the middle of the night (wife and I sleep early) and saw my brother working on something out and as I got closer, I saw a very compromising picture of my wife (cleavage shot as she was gardening). He noticed me and quickly closed the window like he was watching porn. I was too shell shocked to say anything at that time and he just smiled awkwardly and ran to his room with the laptop. 

When I realized that something was up, I knew I had to find out. The next day, I asked my brother to pick up some groceries and some lunch for us and while he was away, I went to his room (something I've never done since he moved) and, well, it wasn't pretty. I saw a couple of my wife's bras and some of her panties which I can only assume he used to pleasure himself. I took his laptop and fuck it, decided to snoop. I knew his password cause I borrowed his Crunchyroll account to watch this anime my friend recommended (I don't usually watch anime). 

There I saw some of the most sickening entries I've read. There were pictures of my wife in a towel, her working out, her in compromising positions, etc. All taken without her consent by the looks of it. The fucker even logs every time he touches himself to the image of my wife. The creepiest part? He sometimes listens in on us when we have sex. My wife can be a bit loud but we didn't think it would be a problem since his bedroom was in a different part of the house (guest bedroom). 

I left the room feeling like I needed a shower. It was absolutely disgusting. 

Now I don't know what to do. I find myself fighting the urge to pummel him into next week every time I see him. I haven't told my wife yet cause I'm 100% sure she will feel violated and disgusted so I want to find the best solution first before doing so. I so desperately want to kick him out but I he has nowhere else to go. Even if I do, what should I tell my parents? The truth? This will most likely break the family apart. I do plan on telling my wife soon but if I do, I can almost guarantee she would want nothing to do with him and would never want to visit the family if he's around. 

I'm so fucking lost right now. Any advice will help. Still fighting the urge to beat my brother to a bloody pulp.

Edit: if you're wondering, I did take pictures as proof.

Small update: I told my wife. The redditors who said I should tell her first before anything cause she was the victim were absolutely right. I'm giving her all the power to decide what to do about it. A lot has happened but there are still things that need to be settled. Too long to add here and too incomplete to make a new update post. Hopefully we'll have everything settled tomorrow or the day after. I'll write the update once everything is settled and I calmed down. 

No, I'm not going to beat up my brother but I have thought about it. 

And to the people asking for the pics... You're disgusting. Hope the women in your life are proud of you. That's my wife, please have some respect.



I [31m] told my girlfriend [30f] that she is not a trophy wife or status symbol and that we are similar in attractiveness, she views it as me calling her old and ugly
A bit of background my girlfriend and I are 30 and 31 respectively. We have been dating for about a year. I work as a high-level engineer at a good firm and my girlfriend works as a payroll specialist at a good firm too. I make significantly more than her (3x).

Things were good in our relationship until I showed her my retirement/savings. She now doesn't see the point of working and has started framing our relationship in that, she is the beautiful one and that I am the nerdy engineer that was lucky to have her. Before, when we met she was all about making it her own way, eventually starting her own company with her sister in sourcing and recruiting. But now she jokes about driving a Range Rover and wearing Lululemon and going to Yoga.

We were having a discussion again about this 'trophy wife' stuff she brought up that I was nerdy back in the day while she was very popular. I told her she is not a trophy wife, that yes she is attractive but its not a huge difference between us.

I told her had it been the case that I met her when she was 22 and I was my current age than sure, but she isn't 22 anymore. After I said that she just started crying like crazy.

She started saying that I think of her as ugly and used up that her best years are behind are. She just told me that if I am not happy to be with her, why am I even here? to stop wasting her time.

I tried to talk to her but she was in no state for a conversation. I don't know what to say, guys, for me, I just wanted to say that I think we are of similar attractiveness. Like I don't think anyone when they see us turns their head and is like oh she is with him the cause of money? Or damn he is so lucky to be with her. I think it's mutual. She was the one that if anything went after my attractiveness first.

&#x200B;

What should I do? I like the fact that we both work and I don't want to change that dynamic. And I don't want her to think too that she is above me that I am so lucky to have her. I want her to think of us as equals and in my attempt to do that I hurt her feelings. What's the next move?

&#x200B;

**Tl;Dr- ever since my girlfriend found out about my savings she has more often entertained the idea of being a stay at home wife. She has tried to bring up the fact that she was more attractive than me as justification why I am so lucky to be with her and why I should accept this.**



My fiancé (25M) spent our entire savings (which we both were saving for our wedding and honeymoon) to buy a gaming pc. What's worse is that ever since he got the pc, he has totally ignored me (27F) he has absolutely forgotten that I even exist in his life.
My fiancé and I got engaged in December last year. In January this year, we both together decided to save money every month for our wedding and honeymoon. In 6 months, we saved around $8000. Last month, my fiancé's bestfriend bought a new gaming pc, so even my fiancé wanted to buy one, so he asked me, but I denied it because we both already had laptops. I told him that he can play games in the laptop that he already has. He repeatedly kept asking me if he could buy a pc and I finally agreed to it (now I regret it so badly).

 After a week, the pc finally came and with the pc, a new table and chair also was delivered. Apparently he had ordered a gaming chair and a table as well. That night, I asked him how much it all cost and he was a little hesitant to tell me. After a while he told me and I was distraught when I heard that he had spent our entire savings of $8000 to buy the pc. We had a very big argument that night and I scolded him for spending all our savings because that savings contained not only his money but my money as well. And we were saving it for our wedding. After everything I told him, his final reply was "I will earn it all back soon". I don't trust those words at all. 

 I thought anything worse than this couldn't happen at this moment, but it has. It has been about 2 weeks since he got the pc and since then, my finacé hasn't gotten up from his new chair. Ever since he got the pc, he hasn't even seen my face. The only time he talks to me is when he is hungry, he calls to me and tells me to get him something to eat/drink. I call him to watch TV and he denies it saying that he's busy. I call him to sleep together and he denies it and says that he'll sleep later. His sleep schedule has been fucked. He plays games the whole night and sleeps as 5am and wakes up at 2pm. He's asleep when I'm awake and he's awake when I'm asleep. From the past 2 weeks I've been so lonely that it feels like I'm alone at home and nobody to even talk to. He is ignoring me so much that I think he has absolutely forgotten that I even exist in his life. I honestly feel like his waitress now a days because from the past 2 weeks, the only interaction we both have is him asking for food and water and me giving it to him.

He has also 100% stopped doing all the house chores. From the past 2 weeks, I have been the one doing all the house chores and it's getting very hard for me to do it all alone. We used to share our responsibilities and do all the house chores together, but from the past 2 weeks, he isn't even taking care of himself. He is barely even brushing his teeth and taking a bath, let alone do the house chores. Also he is actually supposed to be working from home, but ever since the pc arrived, he hasn't even touched his laptop to work and he's isn't even seeing his phone to check if someone has called/text him anything regarding work. I'm now genuinely afraid that he might lose his job.

Everything that is happening right now is so bad, I called my parents and told them about it last night and they almost had nothing to say. I'm thinking of calling his parents tonight and telling it to them, and maybe they can knock some sense into him. I honestly don't know what else to do now. I want to burn that pc. It would be very nice if someone suggested me something about this. Thank you very much for reading this and thank you very much in advance for your comments and suggestions.

Tl;dr : My finacé spent all the money that we were saving for our wedding to buy a gaming pc and now all he does the whole day is play video games. He has totally ignored me and he has forgotten that I even exist in the house. He has also stopped doing all the house chores and has also totally ignored his work that he was supposed to do from home.



I think I got reverse catfished last night
I matched with this girl on Tinder. She was significantly bigger than girls I normally date. But we have literally everything thing in common so I figured I’d give it a shot. So after talking for a few days we decided to meet up at this nerd bar last night.

I get there and pick a table. After waiting a few minutes this beautiful woman comes over and starts trying to flirt with me. That’s very strange so I assume she must be after something. Free drinks, drugs, my kidneys, I don’t know.

So I explain to her that I’m actually waiting for someone and I don’t want to give a bad first impression by chatting up some other woman when she walks in.

That’s when she springs it on me that she’s actually the one I’m waiting for. She told me how she’s lost about 130lbs over the past couple years and she wants to make sure guys are actually interested in her and not just her body.

And she was also testing me to see if I would ditch the fat girl if someone hotter showed up. So here’s the thing, I don’t know how I feel about being “tested”. I don’t want to live my life questioning every decision I make like she might jump out from around the corner at any minute.

But she’s also really attractive and very cool otherwise. I’m not sure how I should proceed.

Edit: I didn’t expect this to be downvoted so much. I guess people just prefer the standard “I just walked in on my fiancé and my father, brother, and best friend all had their penis’ inside her at the same time. Should I still go through with the wedding?”



My wife [27] is a flight attendant, I [27M] found lingerie and heels in her luggage
We've been married for almost 2 years now. My wife works as a flight attendant and is often doing long journeys to other countries. Her work has not slowed down during the covid quarantine as I thought it would so she is constantly working and has been tested negative several times now. 

Our anniversary was last week and she was not going to be home for it so I decided to give her a surprise card and one of a few gifts, but I was going to bury it in her luggage suitcase before she was about to leave. That is when I found new looking white lace lingerie that I have never seen before, as well as a pair of heels that I do know of because I got them for her. As soon as I saw it there was ringing in my ears and it felt like the world had come to a halt. I have been trying to come up with reasonable explanations as to why she would have it, but none of them are in character for her as far as I am aware. That's why now I am fearing the worst, infidelity. She doesn't know I saw it because I didn't leave the gift and card but she has been back home since then and gone again. I am going crazy with the thoughts of her with another man but I don't have concrete proof before accusing her. I don't know how I'd even get solid evidence. Reddit please help me on what to do now because I am in a very bad place emotionally right now



My (28F) Stepsister (29F) slept with my ex-fiancé (37M) and married him. It’s been 5 years and my family think I should be over it already.
I changed some minor details for the sake of remaining anonymous. Also, sorry this is so long once I started writing I found it cathartic and couldn’t stop word vomiting all over the post. TL;DR at the bottom!

When I was 23 (now 28), I was engaged to Ryan (was 32, now 37). Our engagement ended when my stepsister Kelly (was 24, now 29) begged me to leave him because they loved each other but Ryan was too afraid to break up with because he didn’t want to hurt me/my family. When I confronted Ryan about it, he denied it, said she had been trying to come on to him for some time and he never mentioned it because he didn’t want to ruin our relationship. He begged me not to believe her and so we continued how we were. Kelly grew resentful and made nasty comments about how I was forcing a man who didn’t even love me to marry me because I had low self-esteem constantly. A month later, she sent me a video of them having sex in my bed and multiple screenshots of him telling her he loved her, how he wished she was the girl he was marrying, how he hated that I wouldn’t let them be together. I was devastated and angry, but my best friend convinced me not to go nuclear on them and instead to quietly move out when Ryan was at work the next week. So that’s what I did. I contacted my dad and my stepmom and asked them if I could move in temporarily. I removed the money I had contributed into our joint account for wedding expenses and transferred the rest to him before closing the account. Once I got settled in, I sent all of the screenshots she sent me to all of our relatives and his. 

Ryan tried to get back together with me multiple times, but I ended up blocking him when I found out he had proposed to her with the same ring he gave me (I left it behind). Now Kelly is my stepsister from my mom’s side. I have another stepsister (36) and stepbrother (38) from my mom’s second marriage and a half-sister (26). They all went to the wedding. Whenever I tried to express I was hurt by the fact they were just supporting Kelly/Ryan as though what they did to me meant nothing they would shrug it off and say they couldn’t cut them out completely because they were family. I haven’t spent a single holiday with my mom’s side since, neither has my older biological brother or sister. I only see my mom and half-sister when I invite them over to my place as Kelly/Ryan moved in with my mom and my stepdad a year after they got married. Our relationship is very rocky, but I’ve grown closer to my dad/stepmom and their children (an older stepbrother and two younger half-siblings), who have all been very supportive since this all happened, so it’s not all been bad.

On new years day my boyfriend (now husband) proposed to me. We had a small engagement party which I invited my mom and half-sister too. They never turned up because I was “excluding half of our family”. I never invited my stepdad or stepsiblings because they were pretty hurtful when it came out that Kelly/Ryan were sleeping together. They claimed it wasn’t their fault I got in the way of “true love” and made me out to be some sort of vindictive Disney villain for being angry with them. We were planning to have our wedding ceremony this summer, but in late February my husband suggested we postponed until next year because he was concerned COVID would get worse and we would have to cancel/reschedule anyway. I ended up finding out I was pregnant a month before our original wedding date, so we had a courthouse wedding on that date with the plan to hold the ceremony next year. Only my dad’s side of the family were aware of both the pregnancy and the wedding.

My stepmom likes to knit so she’s been making some stuff for the baby. Recently, she posted about the things she had made on facebook with a caption talking about how excited she was to have another grandchild soon. I was tagged in the post. I have zero issues with the post. I never told my family I wasn’t going to inform my mom’s side, it wasn’t that I intentionally hid it from her she just never seemed very interested in my life/relationship so I never brought it up.

My mom called me an hour later to demand to know if I was pregnant and how she couldn’t believe I hadn’t told her she was finally going to be a grandmother. She has since invited me and my husband over to her house multiple times, I’ve declined every single time for the obvious reason. My stepdad, who I’ve barely spoken to in 5 years has reached out to tell me how excited he is to meet the baby and my husband, same with my siblings. Even Kelly reached out to my husband to congratulate us. I was furious. 

The next time my mom and stepdad called me I finally laid into them. I told them I didn’t want them to keep inviting me over when they knew I would be forced to see Kelly/Ryan if I came, I told them how hurt and angry I still am over what they did to me and how my ‘family’ dismissed my feelings, I told them how they wouldn’t throw Kelly/Ryan away but they were so quick to leave me out to rot whilst I was going through the worst betrayal I’d ever experienced in my life, I told them I wasn’t even sure I wanted people like them in my child’s life. 

My mom was crying hysterically and kept saying I was being cruel, and I couldn’t deprive her of her first grandchild. The thing is, my baby ISN’T her first grandchild, my sister has two adopted daughters already who my mom doesn’t even try to bond with. She kept wailing about how I might be the only person in our family to even give her grandchildren (my stepsisters are both having a hard time getting/staying pregnant and my half-sister has proclaimed herself to be child free). 

My stepdad got angry and defensive. He claimed I was petty for holding onto something that happened 5 years ago. He pointed out how I had found someone else so I should understand how love works and sometimes two people just can’t help themselves. You love who you love, basically. He said Kelly/Ryan were happy together, so I should be happy for them the way they’re happy for me and my husband. The ironic thing is my sister told me Kelly/Ryan looked like they were on the verge of divorce and they argue constantly (my mom complains to her about them) and how my siblings all hate him but pretend they like him for Kelly’s sake. 

I ended up hanging up because I was so angry and when I get angry, I start crying, I didn’t want them to think they got to me. 

Since, I’ve been receiving texts and calls nonstop from my mom’s family. They’re all essentially telling me I should be over things already. It’s gotten to the point me and my husband have switched phones so he can screen my messages for me, and I don’t have to read them.

TL;DR – My stepsister slept with my ex- fiancé and married him. I’m now happily married to someone else and we’re expecting our first child together. My family thinks I should be over it already since I’ve moved on, but the anger is still there, and I have no interest in forming a relationship with my ex or my stepsister again. They’re now putting pressure on me to try and get me to forget it ever happened.  

How do I make my family understand just how unforgiveable what Kelly/Ryan have done to me is? I would prefer not to go completely no contact but is that my only option here?



I (14M) hit my (16F) cousin and now my family is upset and no one but my dad believe me.
I know based off the title in being judged extra hard. I don't condone hitting a womann and if i could go back I would. What's done is done and now my family is in turmoil.

So my aunty and uncle came to my house to talk to my parents. I though this was stupid because of Covid but they went ahead and came anyway. They brought my cousin who we will call Carly.

Me and Carly get along fine but yesterday we did not. We started to argue about about a game system. It was a stupid argument of who got the good controller and bad controller. Everything went down hill when I would not give her the good one (It's my system).

She tried to take the remote from me, but in the process slapped me across the face with her nails. I started bleeding so I got up and walked to the bathroom. I don't know if she had an adrenalin rush, but all I here is "MY NAILS!". She grabs me and punched me in the face. In the heat of the moment, I punched her in the stomach and she fell over screaming.

Her dad comes up the stairs and without asking any questions b-lines towards me. He grabs me, then my dad came and grabbed him before he could hit me. Him and my dad were yelling pretty bad. My mom and aunty are talking to my cousin.

My dad tells them to get out of his house. As of right now I have gotten text messages and phone calls from my family calling me a woman beater. My dad is the only person to believe me. My mom is saying she believes me, but is acting cold.

How do I fix this and stop my family from braking down even more? I blocked my cousin and her parents, but I don't know what to do know. I also feel like my uncle really wants to fight me.

Edit: I changed female to woman

Update:https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/i8hrwb/update_i_14m_hit_my_16f_cousin_and_now_my_family/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share



I (18F) found out that my mom (42F) has been lying about why my dad (45M) "abandoned" me 15 years ago. I don't know how to move forward.
For most of my life I was just raised by my mother, since my father left us when I was 3, and we are very close. My mom has always been vague about the details of the divorce, just that it was very painful and sudden, and that he never had interest in getting custody of me. 

A couple months ago I was going through documents looking for my birth certificate, and I came across their divorce papers. Surprisingly, my mom was listed as the one who filed for divorce, contradicting her story that he left us. I figured there must have been a reason for this, like him being abusive, but I know that my mom is sensitive about the topic so I didn't want to bring it up. I asked my aunt, her sister, but I was just told to drop it. 

It's been bugging me, so I found him on Facebook. His profile was completely private, but his profile picture showed him with a little boy, who must be my brother. I found his business email online, and against my better judgement I emailed him asking if he would like to meet for coffee. He agreed. 

Last week we met, and he was completely not what I was expecting. He was THRILLED to see me, almost cried, and wanted to hear everything I had been up to for the past 15 years. I asked why he left, and that's when I got his side of the story:

Towards the end of their marriage, my father confessed to my mom that he is bisexual, and that during high school and college he had a serious boyfriend. He was ashamed of his sexuality, which was why he hid it from my more traditional mom. My mom was angry, but didn't divorce him because of it. After the divorce he began dating his boyfriend again, and my mom freaked out over me being "exposed" to this. My mom petitioned for full custody, and was granted it. Over the years my father has attempted to reach out to my mom about me, but she has never budged. 

I asked my mom about what really happened, no bullshit. I told her dad's side of the story, and she tearfully admitted that it was true. She insists it was not out of anger or bigotry, but because she genuinely believed that it was best for me to stay with her. 

I am just so shocked still. She lied to me for years, making me think my own father did not want me. My dad and I are reconnecting now, but I have missed so much. Next week I am going to meet his husband and my 7 year old brother. I live with my mom, but I can't speak to her right now. She is begging me to forgive her, but I'm so angry and I don't know how I'll ever not be angry with her.



My (25M) girlfriend (24F) did not appreciate my reaction to seeing her naked.
There is currently this trend on the tiktok app of girls surprising their man by walking into the room naked, and filming their reaction. I've seen these videos before and normally the reaction is the man gets a smile on his face and they obviously get it on.  It's cheesy, romantic, funny, whatever.

My girlfriend is working from home during the pandemic and I work in the hospital. I got home from a 12 hour shift of potentially being exposed to covid-19, and just wanted some beers and to go to bed. I guess my girlfriend thought she would get the same reaction when i walked in the door and saw her naked. 

I barely had enough energy left to give any reaction let alone a good one. I basically just told her i appreciated the gesture but i was exhausted. She got moody at me basically comparing all these other tiktoks where the man gets excited to see their girl naked. I told her all these tiktoks have men working from home, not walking in the door after a 12 hour shift in a hospital during a pandemic. She then took this as an insult at the fact that she's currently working from home, when this wasn't my intention at all.

Since this happened a couple of days ago, she's acting like i don't find her sexy at all and giving my sarcastic answers. What do I even say to her?



Boyfriend won’t stop telling me I have B.O.
I have been with my boyfriend for over a year and everything has been great except for one thing. 
Every single day, at least once, he will tell me that I stink and smell of b.o. 

When we met I showered every day, applied regular deodorant in the morning, brushed my teeth three times a day. Now I am so paranoid about smelling bad that I shower at least twice a day, I apply new industrial strength deodorant every few hours (I have a reminder on my phone), perfume,  and I brush my teeth anytime I eat or drink something that isn’t water. 

I feel like I’m going crazy. I didn’t think I smelled bad in the beginning and I don’t think I smell bad now but I obviously smell bad to him right? Im that weirdo that keeps “sneakily” smelling their own armpits. I have been to the doctor and he has said there is nothing medically wrong. It has honestly gotten to the point where I literally shove my arm pit in friends and families faces asking if I smell bad, they all say I don’t smell like b.o. at all, one friend even said I smelled too clean like a lush store. 

I am getting so paranoid. He won’t cuddle or anything when he says I smell. I really don’t know what more I can do?

Update  - so unexpected edit. I waited for him to make a comment this morning so I could talk to him. It was less than an hour after waking up that he said “god you stink” I had already showered and put on deodorant. 
I snapped and asked what exactly was he smelling because, at this point I’m one of the cleanest people on the planet and if I still smell bad to him then we should just break up. 

He got all  panicked and upset, I eventually got out of him that this is what he father always said to his mother. Apparently his father told him that is was a sure fire technique to have a woman never leave you because “she will feel too low to cheat, will love only you, and will always be clean”.

Needless to say, his father is wrong. He’s packing his things and moving out of my house today.



My(20f) boyfriend (22m) assumed I was into rough sex because of my race and now I feel unsure about us
My boyfriend and I was going to have sex with each other (it was supposed to be my first time but not his)
Things started off normal, kissing. Then he started pushing me on the bed and holding me down, no foreplay or anything. I was obviously shocked and scared because I didn't expect that. I was screaming stop and no and he stopped. He looked confused and asked what was wrong. I told him like wtf, I thought we were gonna go slow. He was still giving me a confused looks and at that point, I was annoyed. I reminded him I was a virgin so I would prefer to take things slow. He said he knows that but he thought I'd like it rough. He also told me he's never been with a black girl before and he thought black girls like rough sex. I was mad and I said no, I'm not ok with rough sex and I was mad he used a stereotype on me. I didn't want to have sex anymore and I asked if he could just leave me alone so he left. 

I'm just so confused like how is this even real. I've never even heard of that as a stereotype. Idk if it's a porn thing or not (I don't watch porn, just not into it) but even if that's a thing, I'm mad he just assumed things about me. He knows I'm a virgin but he still was rough with me. I'm unsure now bc idk what else stereotypes he has about me bc I'm black.

Edit: he's blowing up my phone asking me if we can talk about things and saying sorry. I feel bad for not responding but I keep thinking what else he thinks about me. I feel empty inside because he turned into another person when he got rough. He went from sweet to cold and scary. I think once I'm calm, I will talk to him.

Edit: all of these messages have been overwhelming. I'm going to call him now and hear what he has to say. I will update after. Thanks for the advice, this has been very helpful.

Okay last update cus I can't make a new post and this is getting really cluttered with replies.
 

So we talked for a while. I'm done with him. I read the comments and I decided to hear him out, I gave him the benefit of the doubt that he didn't mean to hurt me. He told me he thought black girls like it rough bc his friends girlfriend like that (she's black) and the porn he watches. I tried explaining how that's racist to think that and consent. He said he was sorry for rushing into it but he was raised in a racist community so 'give him a break'.

 I tried explaining that's not an excuse to act out his fetishes on me especially without asking. He got mad at me and I was too. We argued and then I broke up with him.  I am really upset rn, I thought he loved me but I guess not. All I wanted was to share a special moment with him and he ruined it. I told my friend and she said to give him another chance but I disagree. What he did was too weird and creepy for me to forgive him. Anyways thanks for all the advice, I should have just broke up with him immediately but oh well, too late now.



Should I (48m) tell my wife (44f) that I received a sex tape of her in the mail?
Throwaway.

This is an odd thing. Wife and I have been married 20 years. I’ve never suspected her of cheating and our sex life has been outstanding.

First of the year, I receive a package in the mail. It’s a DVD addressed to me, and a typed note that says “your eyes only”. It’s my wife having sex , separately, with three guys. She was younger, much younger, based on body and appearance and hair style it was around the time we were going out—either before, during, or after we were engaged (she grew her hair longer for the wedding and kept it that way).

First I’ve no idea who sent it to me other than one of those three guys in the DVD - none of which I know. I’m assuming it’s one of my wife’s ex. Second I’ve know idea why they sent it. Are they trying to say she was screwing around on me? The tape isn’t time stamped so I don’t have a frame of reference. She kept her hair short for years until we were engaged so it could have been during a block of time, certainly before we dated. 

And also what are they trying to achieve if this was taken before we dated? I know my wife had other partners. Hell I had three times the partners she did before we married but that was 20 years ago I think we’re past that. But apparently this person or persons isn’t.

The whole thing is strange. I’m not sure what’s going on. I haven’t told my wife, I’m not sure how she would take it. She’s very sexual and adventurous but I don’t think she’d like the idea of her past catching up to her. But I don’t think I’ll get to the bottom of this unless I tell her.

EDIT - update. I’m overwhelmed by the responses. Thank you for your interest.

I did speak to my wife yesterday afternoon. Some mentioned letting her watch it in private and I gave her that option. She did and we talked at length. Some of it is a bit clearer now.

The two “amateur” looking videos are two roommates, taken on the same night. That’s why the camera doesn’t move and that’s why the room is the same.  I asked why the bed looks different and she replied the sheets were a bit messy so they changed them before they had another go. 

The other is a boyfriend she dated when her and I met, before we actually started dating. She knows this man is friends with one of the before mentioned roommates and thinks it’s him who got the three videos together and sent them to us. 

Why?

She admits that last summer he tried connecting with her on Facebook. When she did he tried to make it sexual again so she stopped. She thinks he sent the DVD to cause an issue with us.

For the first time I now have doubts. Her answers are logical but seem a bit off to me. And honestly I may be just upset that she did two guys in one night - I know it was 20 years ago but that’s still hard to take call me shallow if you want. Also she didn’t seem shaken by the DVD or the fact I had it, merely irritated that this person sent it. I had the idea she’d rather I didn’t have it but now that I did, oh well. 

It still leaves many questions unanswered, such as why the tapes are from 96-97 and the DVD was made in 2013 but I’m just getting it now? That many be minor but it may be everything. Plus how does this gentleman know where I live - Facebook doesn’t give you that information. Being in contact with someone does so now you see why I have doubts.

Thanks to you all for your concern and feedback. I love my wife and cherish her, and her past is her past, but for some reason it’s slapping us in the face right now. I will take some time between the two of us to figure out what is truly going on. 

EDIT II - I want to clarify something. I’ve been getting a lot of feedback, mostly negative, where everyone is irritated with me that I’m upset with my wife for being with two men in the same night. None of my business, it was 20 years ago I should man up, that sort of thing.

Look, i said it was hard to take. Most men understand their partner was with different people before them. But SEEING their spouse with two men on the same night is hard to handle. I didn’t say I was changing my view of her, or leaving, or any other angst you want to put on me. It’s just a difficult thing for a married man to see and realize. I’ll get past it , but it’s not an easy thing. And for everyone who says “it was 20 years ago lighten up” I challenge you to sit back, grab a beer and watch two young men have intercourse with your wife on the same night and see how you feel about it. Frustrated at best. You won’t love her less but you’ll not feel great afterwards trust me. So thanks for everyone calling me an asshole but until your in that position I’ll ignore you thank you very much .

FINAL EDIT - this will be my final edit. Thank you all for your support but all I will say is, it’s time for me to make some decisions. I hacked into my wife’s Facebook account - childish and immature I’ll admit but I did it nonetheless. And I found things disturbing enough that I need to think long and hard about what I do next. I’ve given her the benefit of the doubt through this entire thing , now a shadow had been cast and I’m questioning her more than ever before. Heartbroken is putting it mildly. It’s time for me to work on my life and my self. Thanks to everyone and their interest .



Terrified that my (25F) husband (28M) has been having sex with me while I'm asleep. Now I'm pregnant.
For some  context, I have a serious medical condition that requires some pretty heavy medication. It does a lot of things, including destroy my sex drive, and knock me out for long periods of time. My husband and I were married before I was diagnosed, and he's supported my through diagnosis and treatment. He's a wonderful man.

We used to have a very active sex life, and it has been a considerable strain on our marriage that I never feel in the mood. I feel like a terrible wife in this regard, and I miss being able to do what we both enjoy.

To be clear, when I take my medication, I am dead to the world. You could blast a fire alarm next to me, and I wouldn't wake up. You could pick me up and toss me around, and I might not wake up.

Lately I've felt worse than normal. Really sick, dizzy, uncomfortable ect. I went to my doctor, scared I might be sick with COVID, and it turns out I'm pregnant. 5 weeks.  But I haven't had sex with my husband in at least two months. Maybe more. I did not cheat on him. I was not assaulted by anyone, anywhere, that I know of. This was not immaculate conception.

I told my husband and he was surprised. It's probably a million in one chance I got pregnant, due to the medication I'm on, and my condition. He was shocked, then excited, and I was just so relieved he didn't accuse me of cheating that I didn't stop to consider why he didn't.

It's been a few days. I've been thinking about when I first started taking my medication. It was hard for him to adjust to me not wanting to have sex, and he used to joke that I could just lay there and watch tv while we do it. Or, and here's what makes me scared, he used to joke that he could just have sex with me while I'm sleeping, and that way I don't have to deal with it, and he can be satisfied. He's mentioned this a couple of times, but always lets it drop when I'm not okay with it.

I've started thinking about all the times I woke up in the morning and had uncomfortable pelvic pressure that usually only comes for me after I have sex--my husband likes to be rough and I don't really mind, we were always pretty wild in bed or adventurous. Or bruises I've had that I can't explain.

I confronted my husband about this. About me being scared he did this to me, and at the least why he wasn't surprised the dates don't match up. He was angry I would accuse him of something so horrible, and insists that I'm just misremembering the last time we had sex. The medication does play with my memory sometimes, but I remember the last time we had sex. I remember every time we have sex now because I don't enjoy it.

I don't want to panic. I don't want to talk myself into being convinced he's been having sex with me while I'm asleep, and I don't want to talk myself out of this possibility just to protect our marriage. But I'm terrified. This is the only possibility I can come up with. And if it's true, I don't know what to do. I've been heartbroken for a while over the idea that I wouldn't be able to have kids. Now I'm going to have a baby and I'm so, so happy. But what if this baby happened because of what my husband did?

&#x200B;

TL;DR: I think my husband has been having sex with me while I'm asleep because of my low sex drive, and now we have a miracle baby that may be a byproduct of it.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I just wanna say the response to this has been insane. Thank you so much to everyone. I'm really lost and I don't know what to think or do. I'm going to take some time to think about this, get additional information and resources depending on however this is going to go, and figure it out.  Just to be clear, however, because there are too many responses to answer directly, NO, I have never given permission for my husband to have sex with me while I'm sleeping. YES, I have asked him if I have ever instigated something while asleep, sleep walked, sleep spoke, or did anything in my sleep related to sex, and he answered no we have NEVER had sex outside of a time when I was fully cognizant and aware of what's happening. And YES, I am keeping the baby regardless of what happened. If people are interested, I'll post an update when there is something to write. Again, thank you, thank you for all the support and opinions. They all matter. 



My(28M) wife(27F) left me for 3 months and recently begged me to take her back, I said no and no everyone seems to be against me, I need some advice strangers
Well let me give some background information as the situation will be hard to understand without it.

7 years ago I got married to the girl of my dreams Denise(Fake name), we had been dating for 2 years before that and it was like a dream come true, that changed after our marriage. After our marriage she constantly started feeling down and out of it and eventually I got her to go to a doctor who sent her to a therapist and from there we found out she had depression to do with things from her past that she was trying to forget. I decided to be as supportive as I could be, I took care of most of the house work, despite working 40 hours a week and told her to just get herself in order and if she needed to talk to me I would be there for her.

That was 6 and a half years ago, before she left she was still depressed, she basically only lays in bed and complains, she does nothing, we had no intimacy, no sex, no cuddles, no going out, my entire day was filled with work and house work. Day in and day out I worked my ass off, came home to a mess of a house and started cleaning up, starting dinner and so forth at the end of the day I was exhausted and all I could expect was for Denise to unload more of her trouble on me and complain about herself, me and everything around her. I could not even hang out with my buddies to get away from it all as she would relentlessly call me saying she was scared and everything so I also had no social life, not that I had time for it anyway...But despite it all I pushed through hoping that sooner or later she would break out of it and we could have a proper life together as I loved her and as they say for better and worse and this was quite clearly worse, possibly the worst it would ever be.

4 months ago she got a new therapist and 3 months ago that therapist suggested she needed time away from me as her depression started when we married so I may be the cause of it, the moment she told me I was crushed, I started doubting myself, blaming myself, worrying, but beneath it all this creeping sense of having done everything for her, having sacrificed years of my life as a cashcow and a servant for her to lay in bed and this is my thanks? It is my fault now? But I rejected that feeling, trying to talk through it, but she decided to leave and stay with her mother, saying she needed time away from me and that I may be the cause of her depression and so forth, honestly the entire argument is a blur in my head.

I spend the next month when she moved out calling her, her family, begging and humiliating myself just to get her back, apologizing for everything I may have done wrong, honestly I was close to ending it all as I was so hopeless at that point. But that month passed and as it passed I couldn't help but feel relieved, I came home and it was quiet, I could indulge in my hobbies which I had not done in years, the place was not a mess every time I came home, I could relax and two months in I even realized I could hang out with my buddies again, grabbing a beer, enjoying life and slowly I started to realize that I had been miserable this entire time. Slowly that turned in to more and more realizations before I realized I honestly did not love her anymore, I felt like my youth was wasting away, I could do much, much better than this, I felt like I was a caretaker of a handicapped old lady, hell I still looked good and as I went out I started once again gaining back my self confidence, women would flirt with me, I felt wanted even though I never did flirt back.

After all these realizations I suddenly got a call from my wife, saying she made a huge mistake, she was sobbing her eyes out and how she was an idiot taking the therapists words as fact and how much she loved me. For a moment I wanted to say yes, yes please come back...But I couldn't, I just blurted it out and said to her she had left me and I was done with this relationship, I told her I would get divorce papers and I told her I had wasted enough time as it was and this final action of hers was the nail in the coffin, after that I just dropped the phone, started crying for a bit before turning in and feeling liberated.

The issue now is, is that everyone in my family is telling me I am making a mistake, I should take her back, I owe it to her to try and make it work, marriage is not always fun etc. The thing is, I never had fun in this marriage, I can't remember the last time I had fun and wasn't miserable, we are both young and fit and we never even go out, hell the last time we had sex is over a year ago, all I am to her is a fucking servant as it seems and I rather live along then spend one more hour taking care of her. But on the other end, I doubt myself, am I really dumping someone that is depressed? I feel horrible about it, I feel like a failure...I just need advice.

EDIT: Wow, I stepped away from my phone for a while and return to a ton of comments, thank you all so much, I will try to read them all.

EDIT 2: While I have a hard time defending my wife right now, let me clarify something that is popping up in some comments. I know for a fact that she did not sleep around with anyone while we were separated.

Update: [https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship\_advice/comments/e33cna/update\_my28m\_wife27f\_left\_me\_for\_3\_months\_and/](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/e33cna/update_my28m_wife27f_left_me_for_3_months_and/)



My (27F) boyfriend (27M) asked me to “act more kawaii” in the bedroom. I’m asian and he’s white. I don’t want to shame his kink but I don’t want to be fetishized.
TLDR: I don’t want to be fetishized by my boyfriend but don’t want to shame him for being more sexually open with me. 

We’ve been together for a little over a year now and it’s been going well! We met at college through a club and hit it off then reconnected a couple years later. He’s always been really kind to me and gives me compliments all the time and we generally have fun together. 

We’ve been quarantining together and have been having a lot of sex, which I love, but it’s been getting a little weirder, I guess? He sends me a lot of hentai and says he wants to try things out that are depicted in it which is fine. But he’s also been buying me outfits (which I do appreciate) and they’re very much like anime themed? Japanese schoolgirl, cat-girl costume, etc. etc. I know he’s being more open sexually with me but it all feels kind of... gross? Like he wants me to do all of these things because I’m Asian? Anyway the other night he asked me to “act cuter” in the bedroom and to speak Japanese to him in bed. I was really offended by this because while I’m Asian I’m not Japanese. I’m Taiwanese, but born and raised here in America. I firmly told him no and the night went on alright but he was a little quiet afterwards like I’d scolded him. 

I don’t think he means anything weird by it, but I want to tell him I’m not okay with the things he’s been doing but also I don’t want to shame him for being more open sexually with me. I just want to feel like he wants to be intimate with ME and not with Asian Girl #7, if that makes sense. I don’t know how to explain this to him though?



I (34m) conducted a paternity test behind my wife’s back on our 12 year old son.
Typing this out in Mobile. Apologies for grammar or formatting 

A little back story before I get to the meat. My wife and I met when I was 20. We had a drunk hookup the first night we met. We continued seeing each other after that night. A few weeks later she found out she was pregnant. We stayed together and I proposed a few months later. I had doubts about her pregnancy lining up with our timeline but I never brought it up or discussed it. Not to mention I was in the military and deployed a few months later. My proposal weighed a lot on her carrying my child. I grew up in a home without a dad and never wanted that. 


Fast forward 12 years we are still married. Though it has been extremely volatile and rocky I’ve stayed together honestly because I could never part from my son. I can’t let him grow up with an absent father. So I’ve made it work. Our marriage is dead outside of our child. 


I ran into an old friend who I knew around the time I met my wife. He asked if I was still with her and I said yes. He mentioned how “it was crazy I dated her and then you stole her from me!” I wasn’t sure what he meant and asked him to elaborate. He said “it’s no big deal but I was seeing her up until that weekend you met her.” I dropped it but inside my doubt and insecurities ran wild. I couldn’t get it out of head. I broke down and bought a home DNA test kit and used it on my son and I without telling my wife. 


The results came back today. He is not my son. 0% chance I am his biological son. I’m destroyed. My whole world is upside down. I’m just on autopilot at the moment. I don’t know how to act or feel. I’m just a zombie right now. 


One thing I know is no matter what he is my son. I’ve been by his side the moment he was born and will absolutely never abandon him. Absolutely nothing will change that. 

What I haven’t decided is how if at all I bring it up to my wife. I feel like my whole marriage was a lie. I can’t help but wonder if she knew. How do I confront her. Regardless that I’m not in love with her I still love her. This will crush her. This will absolutely devastate her. I don’t know what to do. I plan on seeing a counselor/therapist ASAP. So many emotions and thoughts flooding my mind. Just need some help to bring me back down.

EDIT: I appreciate all the support and words of advice. Both good, bad and the assholes. I’m going to sit on this until I get my head right.



My husband(m26) ignored our safe word while trying CNC (consensual non-consent) and I’m torn
My husband (m26) and I (f20) have been exploring more when it comes to sex. One of the things we’ve just recently come across is CNC. We both agreed to do and and came up with the safe word, as advised. 
While we were into it, he became extremely rough with me. I said our safe word because I wanted to stop but he ignored it, I said it again, he ignored it once more. I started trying to push he off and he just held me back down. He continued until he *finished* .

He’s been treating me like an asshole ever since. I told him what he did was wrong and he ignored our safe word. He told me that I’m overreacting and that he made it more fun and realistic. I told him he borderline raped me, and he said “ it’s not possible for a husband to rape his wife” He’s also treating as if I’ve done something wrong. I made dinner for us, he waited until I was finished and said that he’s eating out, after watching me spend 1 1/2 hour cooking dinner. I just don’t know what to do.



I (28m) accidentally punched a woman. She went around telling people that I intentionally hit her and also that I was abusive to my wife.
Last week, there was a small get together at my friend’s house; just us 9-10 of us close friends. Now he invited one of his friends, Susan (28f) and she brought along her brother (30m), who none of us knew. My wife (28f) was present there too. 

Her brother, Dave, was being weird with my wife from the get-go. Half the time he was there he was staring at my wife inappropriately and trying to touch her whenever he found her alone. She even asked me to hold her hand the entire time because he was making her uncomfortable. I told her we could leave if she wanted to, but she said she won’t let a creep sabotage her evening. This was a bad decision on our part; should’ve left earlier. 

I got a work call in the middle of the party, and my wife told me to take the call and assured me she would be fine with her friend, Lisa. When I came back after 5 minutes, I see Dave trying to talk to Lisa and my wife and both of them looked very uncomfortable. Apparently he’d been trying to convince them to get inside the pool naked. I confronted him, and well, things escalated. He said some colourful words to my wife and Lisa, implied that my wife was totally leading him on before I came back. 

I physically shoved him away from my wife and Lisa. He retaliated and not proud of this but we got into a fist fight. It was all adrenaline and fists and punches. I raise my hand to punch him, gained enough momentum that’d have knocked his teeth out and all of a sudden,his sister, Susan comes in front of him trying to shield him. And my fist hit her in the face. I apologised, I profusely apologised and even offered to take her to the hospital. I’ve never raised my hands on a woman and I never will. This was a fuck up and I was very ashamed of myself. 

Susan didn’t accept my offer and neither my apologies. Dave took her to the hospital. The next day, she put up a story on Instagram about how I hit her, with a photo of her injury and her face. The story they’re going with is that my wife and Lisa were totally hitting on Dave and when I found out, I hit Susan out of anger. Now I’ve been getting threatening messages on my social media accounts, someone even found my LinkedIn profile and messaged my company asking why they hired ‘woman abusers’. Lisa and my wife have tried to mitigate this disaster by posting the correct version of this story, but it looks like people have made up their minds that I’m an abusive asshole. Some have even messaged my wife asking her to divorce me or if I abuse her too or why is she supporting someone who hits women. 

I contacted Susan through my lawyer and said that we’re gonna sue for defamation and slander, that let’s settle this in court and that other people present at the party are ready to testify against her. Dave and her are now begging us to forgive them as they’re very poor (they are, both have been unemployed since two-three years) and they’re even ready to post on SM that they lied. 

My wife thinks that we should definitely sue them. Lisa thinks that a court case will really fuck them over and destroy their lives. I kinda agree with both of them. What should I do?

Edit : I replied to a comment saying this and since a lot of people think that I shouldn’t have gotten into a physical altercation with the guy,I’ll replay his exact words. ‘Your wife was begging for my cock before you rudely interrupted us.’ This was when I shoved him away and then he threw the first punch. It escalated from there. I know this isn’t a justification for the physical fight but well, it is what it is.



My (23f) boyfriend (29m) hates that I wear boxers to bed
We've been together 3 months.

My sleepwear consists entirely of tank tops and underwear. I have underwear for during the day and for dates, which is primarily small and lacey, and then I've got women's briefs and men's boxers (usually a cotton blend) for sleeping. They're really comfy and really big. I don't think they're ugly, they're just not very cute.

My boyfriend slept over last night and I went to get dressed for bed and as I pull out the briefs he goes "do you have to wear those?" so I pull out the boxers. He says that's worse and asks if I can wear some of my "nice" underwear to bed. I tell him that wearing lace all day and then overnight and again the following day is how you get yeast infections and he asks me why I had to mention yeast infections.

I put them on and go to get into bed and he asks me to take them off, not for sex, but just so I'm not wearing boxers to bed. I ask him what the big deal is and he says "forgive me for wanting to find you attractive". I don't know what to say to that but he rolls over, straight to sleep, no cuddling.

This morning I wake him, we kiss, I'm thinking it'll lead to sex, but he touches my boxers, stops, gets dressed and leaves.

This is starting to affect my self esteem just a bit. I'm only wearing them because they're comfortable and I don't want to buy all new stuff, but this is apparently a real turn off for him and it's causing problems. What do I do to fix this issue without completely caving?

TL;DR: Boyfriend hates me wearing boxers to bed, wants me to wear my regular underwear to bed, and says boxers are a turn off. I like wearing them and don't want to buy new sleepwear. Is there a compromise that doesn't involve me sleeping with my arse out?

UPDATE: texted and asked. He thinks it's "gay". As a bisexual woman I cannot see an alternative to breaking up right now.

Edit: He is not gay. Or bi. Or otherwise experiencing internalized homophobia. 99% of homophobes are straight. He is within that 99%. This is not glee.



My(50F) husband (53M) just messaged me on Tinder
I accidentally discovered he had Tinder on his phone.  I catfished him with a fake profile and he messaged me.  We've been together 20 years and married for 15 years.  I don't even know how to approach this with him without crying or screaming.  How do I tell my husband I know he's active on Tinder and I don't think I trust him anymore.

Edit: Thank you for the comments, everyone. 



Overheard my [26M] fiancé [24F] tell her friend on the phone that she “settled for being with me,” and that marrying me was her “last resort.”


Update 2: Just did one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to do. Today after breakfast I told her we should “sit down and talk.” She was hesitant, but I said it was important. We went to the living room and she said to me “I already know what this is about.” My post apparently made it to the front page, so of course she saw it after scrolling down a bit under “popular.” Of course the water works started happening right away. I told her what she said had deeply hurt me, but obviously she already knew that since she read my post. Through her tears, she said “I was just joking, I wasn’t serious.” She then went on saying stuff like “I love you, I love you.” I told her I can’t be in a marriage where my S/O doesn’t love me the same way I love them. She tried to tell me that she loved me and that I meant something to her. But it was all bullshit. She said she “didn’t want to lose me.” I told her I don’t think this marriage was the right decision. And from there I basically told her it was over. I told her I knew how she really felt about me, and that it was fucked yo she basically played with my emotions. For all those wondering, we have no kids, and I pay fully for the apartment we live in, and I own almost everything we have other then her clothes. I even pay for her car. So after all of this she’ll have little to nothing left. Before our marriage, we agreed to sign a pre-nup, and at that moment, I’ve never been so happy with a decision I’ve made in my life. After that it was a few second of awkward silence, before she said to me “Fuck you.” She started screaming at me, telling me “you just can’t end things like that.” I told her I could do whatever I wanted, and that’s when she became very hostile. She screamed at me saying, “You’re the fucking worst relationship I’ve ever been in. You think I can’t find someone again?” “Do you think you’ll ever from someone as good as me? You’re a fucking idiot [my name].” She grabbed her bag and phone, and said “I’m leaving!” Before slamming the door behind her. At that moment I felt like I was on one of those dramatic sitcoms you’d find of TV. I sat down on the couch and cried, and I’m still crying as I type this up. It’s both happy and sad tears, and I knew it was only time before she cheated on me or left me. She never loved me, it was obvious. Our relationship only went one way, and I feel like a complete idiot for not seeing it earlier I live in California, and I’m gonna start the process to annul our marriage. Tomorrow, I’m gonna start throwing all of her belongings in to trash bags, cause that’s essentially where they belong. (I’m not throwing out her stuff. Just using the trash bags as a way to give her back the things she owns.) Thank you from the bottom of my heart for all of your kind words and your great advice. All of you gave me the courage to stand up for myself, and I know my life will certainly improve as a result.

Edit/Update: Thanks everyone for the kind words! Really has made me feel a lot better! Going to be talking to her soon. Also, I noticed a lot of people thinking this post is fake, I understand how it could be seen that way, but it isn’t. I’ve been engaged to her for over a year and a half, and just 3 months ago we got married. Not really used to calling her my “wife” yet. Also I used an old alt since she uses Reddit. Anyways thanks for the advice everyone, it amazes me how people on the Internet can care so much about a person they don’t even know. I’m going to talk to her today. I will be updating you all soon after.

Edit: Meant to put wife in the title but now I can’t change it.

Basically the title. I overheard my wife talking to one of her best friends on the phone while I was passing the bedroom. This friend is in a serious relationship. My wife then said to her, “Sweetie, remember it’s your choice. Don’t settle for just anyone. That’s the mistake I made. Who knows who else I could of had. [My name] was my very last resort, and now look where it made me end up.” Hearing that honestly broke my heart in two. Does she even love me? Why am I being treated as a second base? 

Am I being dramatic and overreacting? I haven’t said anything about it since. I honestly don’t know what to do, but hearing her say has really made me upset.



Do I (14m) call the police on my mum's hit and run?
Mum was driving me to school this week. She was taking a turn and obviously wasn't looking because she took the turn wide and hit a kid from school who was riding to the bike racks. He was in the other lane that goes the other way. Our car went over him and I heard him yell out. I don't like "know" him but he's in a different year than me.

After that happened mum just kept driving. I told her we need to call the police or ambulance or something. Mum just kept saying that he swerved and hit her and that we don't call the police if we did nothing wrong. She told me to keep quiet and knows i'll do the right thing.

I saw a photo on insta of him in the hospital and he's all bruised and looks rough as guts. I've just been feeling really bad and it's like I can't eat and feel like throwing up. It's like mum did something really wrong and it feels really bad to not say anything. I wasn't even allowed to tell dad about it (but him and mum are divorced and I'm not allowed to tell him lots of things...). If I tell someone, mum will probably get arrested and then it'll be my fault.

I don't know and want to stop feeling so bad, do I tell on my mum or not?



My unborn child absorbed it’s twin and now my wife resents it.
At our 10 week scan we were told we were having twins. Having tried for 7+ years and this being our first real pregnancy, my wife was ecstatic. Cue a few weeks later our doctor is checking for heartbeats and he only finds 1. We go for another ultrasound and one of our twins had died and been absorbed by the other, which is why my wife had no glaring miscarriage symptoms. 
At first she was fine. Then she started joking that our baby would grow up to be a serial killer as “he already has 1 checked off”. Soon it was becoming clear that the idea our unborn fetus somehow murdered its twin intentionally was no longer a joke in my wife’s mind. I tried explaining the fetus had passed on its own, it hadn’t been absorbed to death. This didn’t work so I asked our doctor, her gynaecologist, her mother, her sister and her dad to all try explaining it too but it was no use. She has fully convinced herself that our unborn child is a murderer. 

I really don’t know what to do. My mom tells me she’ll go “back to normal” when her pregnancy hormones drop but I am really concerned as I know the drop in hormones can actually make people even more unpredictable and I hate to say this about my wife, but dangerous. I don’t want to leave her. We’ve waited so long to be parents together and I know this isn’t my wife, she is just grieving. The multiple ultrasounds have put us badly in the negative after already being screwed over by covid so we can’t afford therapy for a little while. 

Any advice? thanks



My (24M) girlfriend (26F) fully believes that she is a cat in a human's body.
[UPDATE](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/h8wzqq/update_my_24m_girlfriend_26f_fully_believes_that/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) 

Tl;dr: gf now thinks she is an otherkin, a cat in a human's body and refuses to see anything wrong with the situation. The echo chamber she is now has done nothing but enable her and I don't know what to do.

I know people are going to think I'm either trolling or baiting but please read before you comment + this post has nothing to do with gender or trans issues and I am in no way intending to be offensive or anything.

So Gf and I have been together for nearly 8 months, and she's always been a very quirky and nerdy person: does cosplays, very into anime and roleplaying, etc... Nothing too weird. We've been kinda distant lately with everything going on and me being an essential worker so haven't seen eachother and only talk for half an hour a day. Well, last tuesday we got to hang out at her place and she wore cat ears a and a belt with a tail the entire time. At first I thought it was either going to be a sex surprise or her testing  a new cosplay, but nope, she sat me down, asked me if I really do love her, then hit me with a very long monologue that essentially summed up to  "I'm a cat in a human body". Wish I was joking.

I thought I misunderstood and then believed that maybe it was a weird joke but she kept being serious about it, and doubling down. I left shortly after because I had a shift at work, and I still believed it was an oddly drawn out joke nothing more. She ended up texting me with resources to help me understand, which is when I realized that she really is serious. Apparently she believes she is an otherkin:  a person who holds the belief that they are not human. She says she was introduced to this by one of her friends months ago and has since joined discords and communities of others like her. Her friend believes he is a demon trapped in a human body, and she sent me a testimonial that was supposed to be touching but its basically just about a dude thinking he is naruto. I'm not joking. She explained her otherkin type as being a cat, and now she 100% thinks she is a cat. How did she know she was a cat you ask? According to her: sleeping a lot, liking the sun, hating water,  feeling more comfortable crawling on all fours, and claiming to understand what cats are saying and being able to talk to them through meowing. She has also apparently been distant with nearly everybody we know IRL as I got multiple messages asking me to let her know to be in touch with them.

My head has been spiraling this past week, I keep thinking its a joke but nope she is deathly serious about this and has handed in her two weeks resignation at her job because cats don't work. Again, I wish I was joking. I've been limiting my interactions with her ever since, because this is hurting my head a whole lot and I just can't cope. She has also surrounded herself with a large amount of yes men and women who support her 100% and are enabling this, some even encouraging her to make a patreon and make otherkin content that they would contribute to, which she brought up when I asked her about quitting her job. To make things worse, I can't discuss this with anyone in real life because I know how crazy it sounds and I know that leaving her is a valid option but I'm in love with this woman and now I don't recognize her and I know that there is something very very wrong and I can't reach out to her and she refuses to hear anything from me unless it is unconditional support. What the fuck do i do ?

EDIT: Just got off work and was very surprised with the amount of comments, I honestly just expected a bunch calling me crazy. I'm reading through them now and I want to say thank you to everybody who took the time out of their day to give me advice, I truly appreciate it. To address some things:

\- Her and I have been friends for 2+ years prior to dating, so that is why I am reluctant to just up and leave.

\- I've read a comment asking if she has a history of mental illness, and not to my knowledge? Aside from her being diagnosed with mild social anxiety in high school. I am going to try and reach out to her mom to get her to check up on her, and maybe even visit. They have a good relationship, so maybe that will help.

\- Yesterday was the first time I truly confronted what was going on, as I have been kind of shelving it and just praying and hoping it was some kind of drawn out joke. But now that I've had time to truly ponder it, I think it has been a long time coming. She's been buying a lot of cat memorabilia and a lot of her cosplays are cat related, and when I brought up the possibility of me getting a cat in the near future she made a joke about being too territorial for a cat, and now that I think about it...well, yeah.

\-I don't know who demon man really is, all I know is that he has been part of her virtual Dnd group since last year. Also so far no litterbox in the picture, sorry to disappoint/relieve some of you. When I asked her about her plans as a "cat" other than quitting her job, she had sent me her to do list which I didn't bother opening or reading until yesterday because I was too busy wishing all of this was a fever dream. The To do list includes purchasing a scratch post for her nails, switching to an carnivore diet, and dying her hair red because she is a ginger cat. Yup.

\-As much as it hurts, I have no intention to continue to be in a romantic relationship with her because she will absolutely not hear anything if it's not 100% support. I love her, but I love myself and I don't want to be dragged down to something like this especially when it feels like I'm talking to a brick wall. I will however try to remain in contact with her just to make sure she's not spiraling towards a mental break. I will visit her today to have a talk and officially break it off even though she's been refusing to see me unless I am completely on board, I will update if anything interesting happens. Then I will buy a couple of bottles of alcohol and down them in my flat, no judgement.

\-I've really enjoyed the cat puns, and apparently I need to google who Maureen is.



My (22M) vegan girlfriend (21F) wants me to get rid of my cat
I can't believe I'm about to type this but here we go.

I've been dating my GF for 7 months. She's amazing and we're super compatible in a lot of ways. She is an outspoken vegan, and she made it clear at the start of our relationship that it was important to her that any potential had similar cruelty-free values. Me, already being a pescatarian, had little difficulty transitioning to a fully plant based diet. My GF was proud of me for going cruelty free and everything seemed well. We became "the vegan couple" on our college campus.

Then there is my cat, Mittens... I've had her for three years and I adore her. She's such a sweet and cuddly cat. However, my GF was always a little apprehensive around her, and she blamed it on not growing up around cats. After a while we sort of made a tacit agreement to mostly hang out at her apartment instead of mine, so Mittens never really came up again in conversation.

Fast forward through all the quarantine stuff... My gf and I have spent a lot of time together during this pandemic and we've started talking about taking our relationship to the next level. We began seriously looking at either buying a new apartment together or having one of us move in with the other.

However, after a lot of talking and planning, my GF sat me down and dropped a bomb shell on me. She said that with this next phase of the relationship, she did not see a future with me unless I was willing to give away Mittens. She said that she believed owning a cat is unconscionable for vegans, because they hunt mice and eat meat, and because the very act of owning a pet is a violation of vegan principles.

I was stunned. I told her that I was absolutely not willing to give up Mittens, and she had no choice but to eat meat so I was reducing harm as much as possible by buying reputable brands of cat food. Plenty of vegans own cats and think along those same lines. My gf got mad and said "how much flesh does your cat eat? How many animals died to make all that food? Would you be okay with that being human flesh?"

I got mad and told my GF that I would have really appreciated her telling me about her cat opinions before we got serious. She went on and on about cats killing animals. I ended the conversation there. I was so angry that I left my gfs apartment. And I snuggled with Mittens when I got home! Although the mood soured a bit when my GF sent me a link to a Reddit thread advocating for the extinction of domestic cats. Sigh

I think it goes without saying that I am not going to get rid of my cat. However, it pains me to think that an otherwise wonderful relationship could be ending because of a difference in ideology. I don't even really understand where my GF is coming from because like I said, a lot of vegans own cats. Now granted, cat ownership can be a controversial topic in vegan circles and I probably would not have gotten a cat if I had been vegan at the time, but I have Mittens now, and she deserves to eat. (Yes, I've researched vegan cat food, but Mittens has some digestive issues and my vet strongly cautions against it.)

I've talked to some of my vegan and vegetarian friends and they all think my gf has lost her mind. Some have suggested that it's not about Mittens and my gf just wants an excuse to end it. They probably don't understand why I haven't broken up yet, but I care about my GF so much. I'd hate for this bizarre curve ball to be the end of a beautiful thing. I want to try and work something out.

Where do I even go from here? I will not compromise on Mittens and I don't think my GF will compromise either.

Edit: wow, this completely blew up while I was asleep. I am trying to read every comment but there are a lot. Also, please allow me to take this moment to reiterate that my GFs views are not representative of those held by the wider vegan community!!



My [33M] fiancée [27F] chose to save my deceased father's stuff over her deceased mother's in a fire. How can I ever repay her?
Two nights ago, my fiancée accidentally set fire to our kitchen and the fire extinguisher in our apartment was defective. The fire spread quickly and burned through most of the building before they were able to contain it. I wasn't home, so I wasn't there to help my girlfriend gather anything up. If I was, I would have forced her outside and told her to leave it all. It's just stuff. 

She chose differently. First, she took out two dogs outside and handed them off to a neighbor on leashes. Then she went back in. At this point the kitchen was engulfed in flames and she couldn't make it into the living room, but she could get into the bedroom. She knew she wouldn't be able to make two trips and she had to act fast. 

Both of us have lost parents. I lost my dad 3 years ago. He was a friend of her father's so she knew him (though not very well), but he died before I actually met her. I have most of my dad's stuff in a storage unit, but in our bedroom I have his ashes, two guns, and a couple of other very personal things from my time with him. She lost her mom as a teenager, and because her father is an asshole, she only has a few small things of hers, and her wedding dress. 

Instead of choosing to save the few things that she has of her mom's, she gathered up my father's things, wrapped them in a sheet, and ran out of the room. 

I don't even know how to begin to say thank you. I'm so completely devastated by her losing her mom's things like that, and I can't imagine what she was thinking or how much she must really love me to make that decision. I don't know how to repay her. Or where to begin. Can anybody think of a nice gesture I can make it up to her? She must be devastated. I can't imagine losing the last bit of my dad. 

Tl;dr: my fiancée had an opportunity to save stuff from her dead mom when the apartment was burning, but chose to save mine instead. How do I repay her?



My(39m) wife(40f) slapped our daughter (16f) after she came out as gay. I need help dealing with my wife and my daughter.
I'm actually an immigrant from Mexico, so my English is average at best. 

I must admit that I was really homophobic and racist growing up. That was how I was raised. But when I moved to America, I met my wife and she helped me a lot. She helped me adjust to this new country and changed my racist and homophobic opinions. I owe that to my wife.

Yesterday, my daughter told me that she wanted to talk to me. So we sat down to talk, and she told me that she wanted to bring her girlfriend over for her birthday. It took some time to sink in, but I understood. When I asked her if she was coming out to me, she told me that she was. She asked me if I was fine with it and I told her that I had no problem with her choice and she will always be the same daughter to me. I must admit that I felt proud because my daughter actually trusted me.

After that, I asked her if she wanted to go out for dinner. She told me that she wanted to eat lasagna. I'm a chef and my daughter loves my lasagna. So I started to get ready to prepare it. 

At this point, my wife returned from her sister's house. Idk what went down but after a while, my wife started screaming at my daughter. And when I came to look, she slapped my daughter twice. My daughter was crying and I was really shocked. I asked what happened and my wife told me that my daughter came out and she did not agree with her. She told her that she can't be gay and started crying and yelling at her. 

I asked my wife to leave, because I was really angry. After my wife left I told my daughter that what my wife did was incredibly wrong and I'll stand by her. My daughter did not talk much, she just went to her room.

Now, my wife refuses to talk to me. She told me that she will be back only if I agree to help my daughter become straight. Idk what to make out of this. I'm really notnthat educated along these lines and all this is very new to me. I love both of them very much and I'd like to help diffuse this situation. Can I get some advice here?



My wife lied about having a miscarriage and instead had an abortion, I don’t know what to do know?

My wife and I have been married for 3 years and for the past year we have been trying for a child. 

We both wanted to have children and after we got married we decided to first buy a house and get things in order financially before having children.
Last year we both mutually agreed that we were in the right place to try for a child, in fact it was my wife who put the idea forward.

A little over 8 months ago my wife found out she was 6 weeks pregnant with our first child. I was elated, I had always wanted to be a father and it seemed like something I never thought was possible was coming true. 
My wife and I began buying parenting books, planning a nursery, just doing all the stuff first-time parents do. I had never been happier at this moment.

Several weeks later, I had to fly out of the country for a work conference. I was gone for about 8 days. Whilst I was abroad, my wife called, she was crying and told me she had a miscarriage. She was 18 weeks pregnant at this point.
I flew back home immediately and told work that I had a family emergency. 
I was devastated with the news, but I never properly mourned as I felt I had to be emotionally strong for my wife who was a wreck.

This was a tough period for both of us, but I thought we had come out stronger as a couple. I knew I had to give my wife some time and space before we could approach the subject again, especially with this being, what I thought, her first miscarriage.

However, a week ago, a friend of my wifes called and told me she had something important to tell me. Apparently my wife had scheduled an abortion, whilst I was away at a conference. My wife’s reasoning being that she wasnt ready to be a parent.  My wife also said  didn’t want me to know about the abortion because I was so excited to be a parent and she didn’t want to hurt me.

At first I didn’t believe this to be true but after confronting my wife she told me that yes she had in fact aborted our child. 

I’m in shock right now. I’m hurt, angry and upset. I just don’t understand why she didn’t just speak to me about it. Maybe we could have talked this through, but right now I’m so mad that she went behind my back and led me to believe she lost our child. I understand that my wife is the one carrying the child, and at the end has the right to make any decision she wants, but why lie about the whole situation.   

I don’t know whether to carry on with the relationship or not. I love my wife but this is a huge betrayal to me, and I can’t even look at her right now. She’s currently crying and begging me to forgive her, I’ve just gone down to the spare bedroom and locked myself inside. Please someone just tell me what to do.


Edit: I did not expect this post to blow up like this. 
My emotions are all over the place and I’m a mess right now but once everything is sorted i will try and update you on the situation.
Thank you for you support

Edit 2: [update post](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hk6smm/update_my_wife_lied_about_having_a_miscarriage/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)



My wife (32F) has been having an affair, and I’m broken.
My wife (32F) and I (30M) got married in September 2018 after being together for 3 years. Right before our honeymoon, we bought a house together in VA, and after we got back, pooled our remaining money and time to completely redo her old starter home in MD and sold that in early 2019. 

We both work full time jobs in Virginia. I make pretty good money, she makes even better money. My wife, let’s call her Katie, decided to pursue an MBA and started last fall. She had an educational trust that her parents started for her, and therefore didn’t ask me for any financial assistance. However, because I saw how time consuming the MBA was on top of her already large professional workload, I took it upon myself to take care of everything related to our still relatively new home - including dealing with contractors, managing all our bills, maintaining the house, taking care of our dog, purchasing/assembling furniture, yard work, cooking, cleaning, laundry, and hosting/entertaining her family that insisted on coming over at least 2 weekends every month. 

Lately, Katie had been unhappy with our relationship, complaining that I wasn’t spending enough quality time with her and not making her feel wanted. I tried to argue several times that between her work and studies, and my work and home responsibilities, that there simply wasn’t very much time to spend together in general (we would frequently not even get to eat dinner until 9:00 or 10:00 at night, and I would either need to bring her a meal to her home office, or we would quickly eat together, and she would return to schoolwork to study or percolate in group projects/session). She would argue back that the things I was doing around the house were simply my responsibility as a husband, and that while she “appreciated it,” it didn’t count towards me trying to maintain or build our relationship. We’d also been arguing a lot about other things, and combined with the lack of free time, would be intimate maybe once a month. 

But after one particularly emotional (and drunken) conversation - about 3 or 4 weeks ago now - I vowed that despite what I already thought was prioritizing her needs, that I would go even further. I began to take off work (I, unlike her, still had to go in during Covid), or go in late/leave early, stopped seeing friends, skipped workouts, and would even wait until she was occupied with something else to even take a shower, all so I could spend as much available time as possible with her between her obligations. As a result, things seemed to be slightly improving between us. 

And now we arrive at last Wednesday. As per usual, I was making dinner for us. We have a tablet in the kitchen that I primarily use for recipes. As I was finishing up, the tablet began pinging nonstop, and I checked out what was happening. As it turns out, the tablet is linked to her google credentials, and I first saw an ongoing hangouts conversation between Katie and a friend, discussing what to do about “someone’s wife” who had come to our house that day while I was at work. Scrolling through the conversation history, I found more about Katie’s lack of feelings for me, and the longing and dreaming to instead be with some guy, who we’ll call Luke. 

Physically shaking at this point, I decided to venture away from Hangouts and open her Gmail, where I found several emails, going as far back as March, between her and Luke, calling each other “babe,” “sweetheart,” and “my love.”

Unsure about what to do next, I first took screenshots of everything I could find, then stepped outside to call the only person with law experience that I knew, an executive at my company who I’d become friends with. He advised that I immediately confront her, but first call someone to come over to the house to act as a witness, in case things became physical, or if she might later try to claim they did. So I had a friend over in about 20 minutes, I confronted Katie, and she confessed to the relationship and admitted that they had been intimate several times over the past 4 months, both at hotels and in our home. 

Now completely distraught, I tried to maintain my composure, and asked her to leave. She stayed at a hotel for two nights, then despite my protest, came home on Friday, stating this was her house too. She insisted on talking when she returned, and not having a witness this time, I decided to record the entire conversation on my phone. She tried to reiterate that she had been unhappy, but despite that, had been reaching out to her friends and mother about suggestions and resources she could use to help our relationship (even though I had suggested counseling in the past, but she refused). She tried to tell me that she made a mistake, that she had already broken it off with Luke a week ago, that I was the only person she wanted to spend her life with, and the only reason she hadn’t told me about it was because her friends had advised her not to. She also said that if we truly love each other, that divorce was a mistake, and that we should be able to get through anything. I replied that love is worthless without trust, and then said that if she insists on staying here, to please stay in the guest room. Obviously free usage of her home office and the guest bathroom, but to please stay out of our bedroom/bathroom unless telling me first. 

So now I’m here. Sitting in my house alone with just my dog. Her and her aunt/uncle/cousins are currently at our neighbors house for a bbq (they don’t know about what she did). I can’t bear to go over there because I don’t want to talk to or even look at Katie, much less pretend in front of a bunch of people that nothing happened. 90% of me wants to get a divorce, but despite her feelings, I was very happy with the life we were building. We had even been talking about being pregnant by this time next year. But no matter what I decide to do, I know I don’t want to make that decision without getting more information about what I can do, what might end up happening if we proceed, and I definitely want to talk to a few VA lawyers to protect myself. We only have one joint account with less than $20k in it, and the only asset we share is our house. 

So that’s it. I’m sorry for writing so much. If you’ve made it this far, thank you for reading. And I would really appreciate any and all insight, suggestions, or advice. I just feel completely destroyed, empty, and alone. Please help me.

Edit: I am absolutely stunned and overwhelmed by the level of support you all have shown me. I truly can’t believe that all of would take the time to offer your advice, kindness, and wisdom to an absolute stranger. I am doing my best to read every one of your replies, and from the bottom of my somewhat shattered heart, thank you. This has been an unbelievable light in the darkest time of my life.



Caught my girlfriend cheating and I CANNOT cope please help
So long story short I found texts on my(18M) gf(19) phone tonight texting her friend things like “he pounded my shit” “I got some of the best dick last night” and “omg it was so good, I couldn’t walk last night”

I’m disgusted.  It was her ex, whom I’ve always felt inferior too like she just hadn’t gotten over him even after over a year.

I’m distraught.  I don’t even have anyone else in my life rn.  My two best friends cut me off over something stupid a few weeks ago, i just moved into Uni and i have only really “clicked” with one guy friend.  My family and I don’t even get along nor communicate much.  I lost my confidant, my support system, and my best friend all in one night.

She’s REALLY sorry.  I saw her crying when she didn’t know I could see her and she was hitting the steering wheel over and over again.  I feel bad but like the lying and deception isn’t new.  I had to do it.  I told her we’re over, but she’s welcome to try to win me back or whatever idc.

But FUCK this sucks.  I have mental health issues and so my coping skills are practically nil and I just don’t know how to cope with this.  I can’t eat.  I can’t sleep and I have class in the morning.  I keep picturing the texts and visualizing him “pounding” her and I’m just disgusted.  I’m just obsessing over it and it’s 4 am in the fucking morning.

Part of me just wants to let it slide if she does show effort at getting me back.  I know in a while I’ll be ok but I just don’t know how to get from part a to part b.

Please help




EDIT:  Wow.  I don’t even know what to say.  Guys thank you so much for the overwhelming support.  I get a new notification telling me to be strong literally every three seconds.

I finally fell asleep at 7 am and there were like 40 comments on this.  I woke up and there are over 800 beautiful people telling me to be strong.  Thank you so much.  Reddit is such a beautiful place.  In the strangest way, I feel really capable of surmounting this today as opposed to yesterday.  You guys definitely played a part in that.

This is the kind of stuff that makes me remember not everyone sucks lmao.  Keep up being great in life guys :)

Thank you from the bottom of my heart!


EDIT2:  Jesus guys!  You’re all a blessing!  I just finished class and I’ve been getting notifications every three seconds!  Going to do my best to get back to everyone.

I am doing much, much better.  I’m feeling freed rather than sorry for myself now.  Thank you all.

By far the most frequent advice was to hit the gym.  I’m going to dinner rn but I’m hitting the iron directly after!

On top of this awesome wave of support from all of you, I’ve had a few good things happen today that are just making this so much better:

-  my job app for a 20$ an hour job teaching SAT Prep was praised for “outstanding qualifications”

-  I got invited to participate in drug research here at my school

- and my fucking package arrived that I’ve been waiting on for a week!

-also one of my friends who cut me off reached out to me

I’m doing well, thank you all, you’re all a gift, much love from my corner of the internet, you’re all worth a platinum in my eyes!

Cheers!


EDIT3:  I can’t believe I forgot to say, my EXGF!

I did it guys :)

Thanks for pushing me to stay strong on my boundary, y’all are the best



Step brother [16M] came to my [16F] room at night and cut my hair with scissors. I moved out and parents want me back with him still there.
Step brother of 6 months. My mom married his dad.

So a few weeks ago in a morning I noticed my stuff in my room had moved. I told my brother (big bio brother, 23) and he didn’t take me seriously but taught me how to record my room at nights with my phone. I’ve been recording myself every night and nothing happened, so I was ready to believe that nothing had happened that night.

This weekend however, step brother came into my room at about 3:15am. He came to me with scissors, cut a small piece of my hair and left my room. It was so weird and shocking. It was a very small amount, something I likely wouldn’t have noticed. I sent the video to my siblings (brother and bio sister, 19). They told me to pack a bag immediately and picked me up and took me with them. They sent the video to parents.

Parents questioned step brother and he says he doesn’t remember doing it at all and said he was likely sleep walking and asked to see a doctor. I don’t believe him and neither do my siblings. 

Parents want to solve this problem by taking both of us to family therapy. They want me to come home and discuss this (all four of us). They say I’m not in any real danger, as he didn’t hurt me or do anything inappropriate or sexual. My siblings strongly disagree and say what he did was very inappropriate and they’re not going to let me go back there as long as step brother still lives there. Parents say they will install a lock on my door so that I can lock myself in at nights. 

Step father is upset at my siblings and claims they’ve turned this into a much larger issue than it is, he says they could have just parented the problem away by punishing and it’s not a big deal.

Honestly I keep hearing everyone with strong opinions about this and I don’t know who’s right or wrong. What should I do? Do I go back? Do I just never go back? My best friend says I should just go to the police and press charges against step brother.

tldr: Step brother snuck into my room at night and cut a small piece of my hair with scissors. I’m now staying with siblings and parents want me back, siblings want me to stay and I don’t know what to do.



Wife (38F) is convinced that she is pregnant even though that every pregnancy test (store-bought and medical) comes back negative. It's taking a toll on our mariage because she thinks I am going to abandon her and "our twins"
This is all over the place. I really need help.

My wife and I (M42) have been married for 2 years together for 15.

All this time we had either not decided to have kids or had problems getting pregnant. After some medical testing we found out that it was near impossible to get pregnant due to some medical issues with her.

We were thinking of adopting when one day she came home and told me she was expecting. Ofcourse I was super happy . 

A week later we had an appointment at the gyno and she had some blood drawn. The test came back negative and ofcourse I was devastated but she wasn't. She claimed that she was pregnant and that the doctor was wrong. We took some more store-bought ones and they all came back negative. My wife is in complete denial. Now she claims we are having twins. She is buying them clothes and decorations and is pressuring me to start with the nursery.

I am at a loss and don't know what to do. My inaction is making her believe that I want to leave them and that I am going to doom my wife into the life of a single mom.

What the f is even happening. I love her but I don't know what to do.

Edit : forgott to add. I have tried talking her into therapy but she accuses me of gaslighting her

**little update/edit:** thank you guys you really helped me out. Yesterday was a bad day and you helped me get clarity. I've had a chat with our doctor who will now be handling this with us. I would like to thank most of you with useful advice and hopefully I will be able to update good news someday. But a fuck you to those that said I should divorce her because she is "crazy" and an extra fuck you to the guy that used this post to push his anti abortion agenda.



My bfs mom found my HIV medication and now his whole family knows my status.
Editing for TW: rape, abuse

Edit: the mom was told that I’m undetectable and what that means, but she’s too overwhelmed with fear to really listen and comprehend. 

For the last two months, my(28f) boyfriend (28m) have been staying with his mom during quarantine. I have my own home with roommates and so does he but she insisted we stay with her temporarily to more easily adhere to social distancing.

I am HIV positive, and my boyfriend is aware. My boyfriend is HIV negative. I’m undetectable, which means there is so little amount of virus in my body that I cannot transmit the virus to anyone else. I cannot infect another person, even through unprotected sex. If you aren’t aware of how this happens, people with HIV can take antiretrovirals to basically fight the virus and protect your white blood cells from being attacked so the virus is unable to replicate. A lot has changed over the decades.

A little background: I have been HIV positive since I was 15 years old. I have a lot of trauma associated with my status. The person who gave it to me was an adult who was extremely abusive. This person beat and raped me regularly and held my HIV status over my head as a way to control me and keep me in the relationship. For years, I felt unlovable and dirty. It took A LOT of work and therapy to overcome my own personal shame towards my status. I don’t tell anybody about my status unless they have to know – like they’re medical professionals or if I’m sleeping with someone. My family knows, but none of my friends do. Not even my closest ones. I was so afraid of the stigma of my status that it changed the trajectory of my entire life. I was suicidal for years and stayed in lots of bad relationships because I was worried nobody better would love me. I’m doing better now. I’m in a healthy, happy relationship with my boyfriend. I’m back in school, working on my career. I’m stable and independent. I’m turning my life around I’m doing a good job at it.

Well, my boyfriend’s mom found my medication. I had a pill bottle in my purse in the closet. She claims she found a pill on the floor and saw a bag sticking out of my purse and thought she would put it there. The medication was in the bag and that’s how she found it.

If I’m honest, I don’t buy her story. My medication is extremely expensive and I’ve always had dogs so I’ve always paid close attention to making sure I don’t drop any pills or leave them around. After a decade of taking medication every day, I know to pay close attention to how I get the pills out of my bottle. I never just pour them out into my hand. Even if I did actually drop a pill, I would think the normal reaction would be to set it aside on a counter or bring it directly to one of us, not go into my purse. Either way, she went through my purse and it feels like a huge invasion of privacy. I’m not sure what she was even doing in the closet to begin with. I really think she was just snooping.

Anyways, instead of coming to me or my boyfriend, she told his sister. And then his sister told her husband and their other sister. Now the whole family knows my HIV status. The mom apparently reacted with things like, “How could she do this to herself?” and “Was she not raised properly?” She’s always been judgmental towards me, but this is victim blaming at its finest. She was worried that I gave it to her son but he took a test in front of them and he is negative. His sisters are apparently not judging me for it, but his mom definitely thinks lesser of me. 

I’m so angry that I’m being judged for something that I didn’t do to myself, especially since I’ve handled it responsibly. I’m angry that she went through my stuff. I’m angry that they spread my private medical information through the whole family. There is so much trauma associated with my status and I feel like I like the control of this information has been taken from me.

His mom is divorced and I understand that she was scared for her son and didn’t have someone to talk to about it and that’s why she spoke with the sister, but she should have gone to my boyfriend directly. His mom was a nurse so she should know better than to spread people’s private medical information around. His sister also had no reason to tell the other sister. This my private medical information. My medical history and our sex life is none of their business.

As soon as I learned what she did, I packed my things and left without saying a word to her. I love my boyfriend and according to him, he stood up for me when talking to his mom and sister, but I don’t know what to do from here. His family is EXTREMELY close. They all talk every day and spend a lot of time together.  I don’t want to see them, but I’m going to have to at some point. And I don’t want to feel like I’m the “girlfriend with HIV” forever. 

I feel sick to my stomach and I’ve been crying every day. What do I do? What should I expect from my bf?


Side note: I have a virtual therapy appointment next week, so if you’re going to suggest therapy, I’m way ahead of you.

UPDATE: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/guqonf/update_my_bfs_mom_found_my_hiv_medication_and_now/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app



Today my (19f) boyfriend (20m) said he was in the mood to kill me.....wtf???!?

EDIT TO UPDATE: I just wanted you all to know that last night while he was sleeping, I took my dog Daisy and left my boyfriend in the middle of the night. I am at a safe location, staying with Family, and have been in contact with the police trying to get an intervention order so I can me and my dog safe from him. Thank you all so very much for your support and concern. You have all saved my life!! I tried to make an update post but it kept getting removed! Thank you again 


I’ve been dating my boyfriend for about a year now and for the most part he’s been absolutely wonderful and I love him so much. 

We have a pretty intense sex life and I’m usually really chill with that!!  
However recently he’s been taking it a lil too far, like I love choking and spanking in the bedroom, but he’s started doing it in public. Like today we took our dog to the park and I said or did something he didn’t like and he spanked me!! I was shocked!

Later on in the day we were doing the deed and he started to choke me, again which I usually like. It got to a point where I properly couldn’t breath so I used our signal to stop and he just looked down at me said I’m not gonna stop because I’m in the mood to kill you. He must have seen the fear in my eyes or something and he immediately let go and like cradled me and said sorry. I thought it was just him being in the moment so I let it go. 

But it happened a second time, he was just like staring at me and was whispering sweet things to me and then it took a turn to, you’re mine forever, never gonna let you go, I’ll kill you if you leave. I recoiled cause it made me uncomfortable and he like ticked me and told me it was just a joke. 

Like I love this man but like wtf.... how do I bring this up with him?? Tbh I’m tempted to leave.... 
We both don’t have dark senses of humour so I don’t know where this came from. 

How do I address this?? What should I say?



My (36f) husband (40m) suddenly changed for the better two years ago, but no one shares my concerns that about how odd it is that he dramatically became a different person overnight because all his changes were positive
When I married my husband, I knew that he was an overweight, lazy video game nerd, and I loved him anyway for his warm heart and kind personality.

He detested exercise, stayed a low rank at his career because he put in minimum effort, and we bonded more over activities like watching movies together at home rather than going out.

He went on this camping trip with his friends two years ago, and did shrooms (he had never done drugs before, and had he consulted me I would've told him that was a terrible idea), and when he came home, it was like something had lit a fire under his butt. He completely changed interests - he never played video games again and took up running, reading books even though I'd never seen him read before except for school, and several other completely random hobbies. He became a vegetarian even though, before, he'd been a meat and potatoes guy. He worked harder at his job, then did an accelerated grad school program and ended up making tons more money.

I barely recognize him. We still have a good marriage, and I still love him, and he has motivated me to be better in the last two years, but....I can't help but wonder if those drugs knocked a screw loose. Could this be dangerous? I'm deeply concerned. I know that people change, but about all that's left of him is his warm heart. No one shares my concerns because all his changes have been positive, but I feel like he's so different maybe we need marriage counseling so I can adapt, at least...

&#x200B;

Edit:

Wow, this blew up. Thank you all, I'm still trying to read all your responses - I will read them all. I think some additional context is required: this personality change has required more than adapting to my husband becoming a new person. Our lives are very different, now. Before, we saw our friends once a week and mostly hung out around the house. Now, we are extremely social, and to put our exercise habits in perspective, we got a high energy border collie and she gets the amount of daily exercise the vet recommended. I've been caught up in a whirlwind of change I didn't expect, and it's just a lot to process, but don't get me wrong - I am proud of my husband.

I posted here to get outside perspective, and have been given lots of advice to research psychedelics. I am in the process of finding sources of information that I consider unbiased, and am looking into it. I stand by that anyone would be concerned if their husband came home from a camping trip with a different personality and completely changed their lifestyle, but I'm calming down about it.

I think I might have enough perspective from posting here to address this with my husband, now. We've talked about it, before, but I've been reluctant to voice my concerns because he's doing so well and I felt it would come off as criticism. It's possible I stewed on this for so long it became a bigger issue to me than it actually was. I think I'm going to suggest that I pursue individual therapy for a while, since hundreds of people have pointed out that the problem is with me and not him or our relationship.



My (32F) husband (36M) became a robot and I don’t know how to help him.
The title sounds insane but here I go. 

We’ve been married for 6 years and have 2 kids I’m pregnant with a third. 

My husband works from 9-5, comes home, does his chores, plays with our 2 kids, talks to me for a little bit, and then goes to sleep. But he doesn’t seem to enjoy doing any of it. Like this whole thing is one big chore. 

He used to be this goofy guy who smiled and told jokes all the time, but I haven’t seen the man smile in months. 

It’s not like he’s neglecting his duties as a husband and father, but he acts like it’s just that, duties. Like hanging with the kids and me is a second job. 

I’m grateful for all he’s doing, and he makes all of our lives sooo much easier, but it’s like he’s constantly on the clock and I think he might be depressed. 

I tried asking him if he was doing ok and he tells me he’s doing “fantastic”, but I know he’s not. That’s the line he uses at work when customers try to make small talk and ask how he’s doing. 

He doesn’t take anytime for himself. He doesn’t take any breaks, he stopped playing games and stopped watching tv. He just does what I feel he thinks needs to be done and I don’t know how to help him out. 

Our sex life has become one sided. We do it frequently but only because I initiate frequently. Even if he doesn’t seem in the mood he’ll do it. Like it’s his responsibility to “make me happy.” It feels like he isn’t there in the moment, like his mind is wandering the whole time we’re intimate and that, to me, feels worse than getting rejected. 

I don’t know what’s going on, and I don’t know how to help because he won’t let me in. To anybody else he seems fine, but I know something is wrong and I don’t know how to fix this. 

I miss my husband, the guy who complained, and told jokes. Not this robotic shell that looks like him. 

Edit: Alright, wow! I didn’t expect this to blow up. I want to thank you all for your advice; I really appreciate it. It’s clear to me now that my husband is overworked and “burnt out.” 

He comes home from work in a couple hours and I’m going to sit him down and talk to him.  I’m going to tell him how I feel, and I hope that together we can find a solution that turns him back into the man he once was. 

I’m sorry if wasn’t able to respond to everyone, but I want you all to know I read every comment and response. 

I’ll post an update soon about how it goes. 

Byee!!

Edit: [update ](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hmzvgt/update_my_32f_husband_36m_became_a_robot_and_i/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)



My mother (43) wants me (18f) to donate eggs so she can have kids with her fiance.
Small Update: I let my sister know some of the things that are going on and we have started collecting evidence. There's a lot of small things that CPS might care to know about, like mood swings and extreme punishments. 

There's a lot to this and good God it's a mess. I go off to college in August. I turned 18 at the end of May. 

When I was about 14, my mother asked me if I would be willing to help her have a baby one day. I said yes without understanding what it all entailed. She is still holding me to this even though I have since changed my mind. 

My mom has been threatening to kick me out over my refusal. She is pressuring me to sign a contract that would bind me to one cycle sometime before I turn 30 and she has even discussed me carrying a baby for her once I'm done with school. I feel very nervous about this and I'm trying to stall/hold out until I am no longer under her roof. I can't afford to move out (Eta: until August). I'm not sure if I could eventually get out of this contract if I were to sign it, but I don't want to risk it. Her fiance is totally cool with this. I don't know what to do.

I'm trying to make plans to maybe stay with a friend, but I'm hoping to find a way out of this with my personal items. I know my mom will hold things hostage so to speak. 

Sorry if this isn't the right sub.

Edit: I am very relieved to know that the contract would be under duress and so wouldn't be upheld. :)



I [29M] Do Almost Nothing Around the House and My Wife [25F] is Upset?
I’m the sole earner for our household, my wife stays home. We don’t have children. Due primarily to a string of horrible jobs that led to some pretty bad anxiety issues for her, we agreed last year that she could stop working and pursue whatever hobbies, activities etc. that she wanted while I provided for us financially. 

As part of this, she agreed to take care of basically everything related to the home - cooking, cleaning, laundry, shopping and so on. I still handle a couple items, really just the garbage and the lawn. Beyond that it’s all her, and she does a great job. Coming home to a clean house and a fresh meal from a wife who’s happier than I’ve seen her in years is wonderful. She’s also able to keep herself looking even hotter than usual which is definitely fun for us both lol

Anyway that’s the arrangement we have currently, and I think it’s more than fair (as does she) - our house isn’t big at all so we’re talking maybe 2-3 hours a day max to stay on top of everything. Might be temporary as she recharges and develops new skills/interests, or it could be permanent. I’m fine with either one, it’s up to her.

She had some friends over the other evening, I was playing games in my office. I came out to grab a drink and overheard her friends commenting on our situation. They were saying it wasn’t fair that my wife had to do everything, I should be pitching in more, what is this the 1950s, shit like that. 

Ok whatever, I disagree but they can talk. Doesn’t affect me. I come out again later to get something and these “guests” actually start straight up scolding me. Same nonsense as before, I’m lazy, I need to do this and that blah blah. My wife clearly didn’t agree or intend for this to happen but was too embarrassed to say anything.

They end their rant with one of them saying “You both make messes, why should she be the only one cleaning them up?”

I probably should have just said it was none of their business and been done with it, but I was pissed and wanted to show how dumb that question was. So I responded:

“We both need money, why should I be the only one making it?”

They didn’t say much after that so I went back into my office, they left a short time later. I finish up in there and find my wife still in the living room, crying. I go to comfort her, thinking it was just out of embarrassment from what happened. But she said that what I said hurt her a lot. It sounded like I didn’t think she did enough and wanted her to go back to work.

I tried to explain that it was just a rhetorical question to make a point but she’s still upset. How can I reassure her that I’m happy with our arrangement and appreciate everything she does?



I (31/m) am in a submissive relationship with my girlfriend (28/f) and I just realized she doesn't actually love me
My girlfriend (of 1 1/2 years) and I follow an "FLR" which means female led relationship. It's basically a lifestyle fetish thing. Without being too specific I basically have dedicated my life to making her happy in a seemingly selfless way (it's not really selfless I guess because I enjoy it myself, but that's all I get from it). She controls all the finances, we only do stuff if she wants to do it, we never do what I want, sex is only for her, I do all the chores, etc. The whole relationship is basically about double standards that benefit her and that don't benefit me, to put it simply. But that's just how our relationship is. I've struggled with it at times but I enjoy it overall.

I have a sciatica issue with my back. It's normally not a big deal but over the weekend I seriously screwed it up. It was totally agonizing and I had to go to the hospital. My girlfriend was completely unsupportive and didn't care about me at all. She told me to power through the pain but I was like rolling around in pain almost. It was clearly impossible. I called her by her first name by accident and she yelled at me for being disrespectful. I had to drive myself to the hospital because she wouldn't let me use the phone. She was just completely annoyed about the whole thing. I think she told me that she hopes I catch the virus but I wasn't sure. I was out of it as I was leaving the house. They gave me some muscle relaxers in the hospital and I'm doing better now, but I'm trying not to exert myself too much until the disk completely goes back into place.

Also, while she does sometimes treat me badly as part of the "role", she didn't seem to be doing that here. I mean she knew it was serious, and I think she just revealed exactly how she felt. I always thought that even though we had this relationship, that she did actually care about me. But because of the way our relationship was, it didn't come out much. She loved me in her own way, I thought. But these last days, I realized that she actually just views me as a literal servant. She doesn't care about me as a person, only as submissive partner. Even calling it a partnership doesn't make sense.

Maybe this is the wrong place to post this but I wanted to get a vanilla perspective with people that have normal, healthy relationships. Am I overthinking this? Do you think I might be able to make the relationship work long-term? And if you have dabbled in d/s stuff I'd be curious to hear if any of you have had similar experiences. Thanks.



My antivax mom started crying after I said I didn't want to associate with anti-vax protesters and threatened not to help me pay for college if I got a flu shot.
So, to preface, I (17F) am an incoming freshman in college. I'm going to a UC (won't say which for obvious reasons), but I got into the school's semi-competitive engineering program and it was one of my top choices for college. I absolutely love the school. Unfortunately, the UC system just instituted a new rule that all students need to get a flu shot before they can attend. My mom (50F) has been incredibly upset about this for the past two days.

She called me up about an hour ago to talk about how I wanted to "deal" with the problem of having to get a flu shot.

She was asking me to reconsider going to another college halfway across the country because they don't require flu shots. The school is not nearly as good in terms of engineering, it's a long way away and it's expensive as hell for out of state students. I have zero desire to go there. I told her this wasn't the hill I wanted to die on, I don't think getting a flu shot is really that big of a deal and I certainly don't want it to be the reason I end up not going my top choice college.

She got kinda angry with me and basically implied that she wouldn't pay for me to attend college if I got the shot, I would be completely on my own.

Then she said, "Why don't you march your protester self (I organized a BLM march in our city back in June, so she's referencing that) down to city hall. I'm sure you can find people who will protest with you."

And I responded, "I'm not sure I want to associate with those people," which I know was super mean and sounds awful to me in hindsight. She started crying and hung up on me after I said that.

My mom and I seem to be at odds about everything right now. She was upset with me for organizing the BLM march, she doesn't like most of my political views, and she's even threatened to burn a book I was reading by Richard Dawkins about evolution because "he advocated for cannibalism" (???) and she seems to vaguely think evolution is a lie, despite not be religious so far as I can tell.  I also had to get a series of vaccinations in ninth grade to attend my high school, which my dad took me to get and which my mom is still extremely upset about almost four years later. I feel like this whole disaster is going to be the final straw though.

I just really need some advice on how to deal with this before she comes home from work and gets super mad and starts yelling at me.

Edit: Okay, I just want to add because people keep suggesting this, I can't exactly go behind her back here and get the shot on my own. Like, physically yes I can walk to Walgreens and get it. But being allowed to go to college = got the flu shot. She will know, and therein lies the problem. Also, I know my mom sounds kinda bad on paper (or "on Reddit") but she really is a loving and caring person who is attempting to look out for me in her own way, so please stop with the name-calling. I came here asking for help, not asking you to shit on my mom. It's just not helpful or productive. Thanks.

Edit 2: Just want to let everyone know that I am reading every single one of your comments. I want to answer everyone's questions, but that might take a while as I'm still working out how to deal with this situation with my dad. Thanks to the people who have been helpful, supportive, and encouraging with their advice. I'll update soon.



Boyfriend keeps trying to “upgrade” or “improve” me by calling me chubby
I’ve F(23) been dating my boyfriend M(27) for a year. I am 5”4’ and 125lbs. He pursued me. Slowly he keeps making more and more negative comments about my appearance. 

He made me a workout and eating plan and constantly asks if I follow it. He basically wants me to go vegan. Honestly I’m not into the vegan lifestyle and I don’t eat horrible. When we order in yesterday I got baked ziti. He looked at me and said how could I be ordering this when we both agreed I need to lose weight.

Everytime I try to dump him over this, he tells me I don’t understand where he is coming from. He told me I’m average and he wants me to stand out. That he noticed I have low self esteem and he is trying to make me confident and be happy with myself. Everyday he asks me if I did my work outs. 

He will send me photos of other girls and say if I follow what he says I will look like that. He REALLY pursued me and now I feel like he’s killing my self esteem. Why pursue someone so hard if you aren’t that attracted to them? He told me if I lose fifteen pounds I’ll be perfect.

He sends me pictures of women who have post pregnancy bodies or not good bodies at all and he tells me that they are like me, that they are chubby and not curvy. Or he will send me pictures of girls I don’t consider pretty and say if I listen to him I will look like that, I just need to lose weight. I tell him I think I’m thinner than those girls and he tells me that he has better eyes. 

Honestly at this point I don’t want to break up because I feel no one will find me attractive. I feel like I want his approval. I’ve been wearing baggy clothes because I’m so ashamed of my body. I use to like my body but now I’m ashamed.

Why is he dating me if I’m so unattractive? How do I gain my self esteem back? Why pursue me?

Edit: I would like to thank everyone for the overwhelming response. I can’t get back to everyone, but I appreciate each and every message. Honestly I didn’t realize my situation was that bad, I am going to assume he had me under control. This really was reassuring and I’m so happy I found this community and made this thread. I broke up with him over text message and explained to him how you talk and treat me is not how you talk to anyone let alone your girlfriend who you are suppose to love. That I hope he changes for the next girl he dates because he’s a miserable person and no one deserves his abuse. I blocked his number, I’m sure he might try to show up at my house, but I just felt the need to end it as soon as possible. I think I’m going to take some time for myself since my self esteem is still in the gutter, but thank you all 💕



My boyfriend [22M] spiked my [21F] drink the other night.
I’m full aware that I might be overreacting a little, but some outside opinions would help ease my mind either way.

So my boyfriend \[22M\] and I \[21F\] have been together for about 2 years now and currently share an apartment in our college town. I don’t drink. I don’t have a reason or anything, just never acquired a taste for alcohol. I’ll take a sip of my boyfriend or a friend’s drink just to try it every now and again, but I usually don’t like it. I go to bars with friends and hang out with them all the time, and I’ll usually just have a soda or a water and offer to drive if need be.

My boyfriend was a little stressed the other day since he had to work during Black Friday, so he was tired when he came home. We were watching something on Netflix when he gets up and says he’s going to make himself a drink. I offered to do it for him, but he just said “no no, don’t worry about it, I’ll bring you a water.” So he comes back with his drink and a flavored water for me, and when I sipped it, something tasted off about it. I only took a few more sips of it before I just put in on the coffee table and ignored it.

He asked me why I wasn’t drinking it, which was kind of a strange question to me. I told him it tasted a little off and maybe I bought a bad case or something. He immediately seems to get frustrated and tells me to just drink it so it doesn’t go to waste. Push came to shove, and turns out he put vodka in my water. When I asked him why he would do that without telling me, he said that it was a fantasy of his to have drunken sex with me, and it was “getting ridiculous” that I wouldn’t get drunk so we could do that. He has never communicated this to me before. I had no idea. I dumped my drink out into the sink, and then he was angry at me for wasting alcohol. Now, I’m scared. He put something in my drink without my knowledge, and that scared me. I’m not sure what to do now.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I'm realizing now that I am, in fact, under reacting. You guys are all right, I can't seem to stop thinking about this a few days after the fact, so that must mean something. I'm currently packing a bag before I head off to class in about an hour. I called a friend of mine and she is gonna meet me on campus after my class and I'm gonna stay with her until I can figure out where I'm staying for the remainder of the semester. Thank you all for knocking some proper insight into me. I seriously appreciate it.

EDIT AGAIN: Got out of class, currently with a trusted friend and heading over to her place. I tried calling my "boyfriend" with no answer, I'll handle that later. But, I'm feeling pretty apathetic about the whole situation right now. Though I'll admit that my friend got a good laugh out of me by saying "you look like you need a fucking drink."

**LAST EDIT:** It's the next day, and I'm logging in to find over 800 more comments and over 20 DMs. First of all, all the DMs have been super kind and I appreciate every single one of them. Seriously, thank you. Second of all, the comments here started to get a little controversial as to whether it was smart of me to leave or not. I mean, what's done is done, so it doesn't really matter now. Some people might disagree, but to me, a 2-year relationship is not very long, so I was no longer concerned about "destroying a 2-year relationship."

My friend and I went back to that apartment later last night because I decided I did want to talk to my (now ex-) boyfriend in person instead of over the phone. I know some people might not agree with me doing this, but again, what's done is done. I expressed why I left, I expressed that he lost my trust (and I did not accuse him of rape). My friend had no influence on this conversation, she remained silent the whole time. This is when he finally apologized. He followed it up by saying "if you'd just have a drink like a normal adult-" but he immediately took it back and apologized again. My name is not on the lease for the apartment, so I took the rest of my things, let him keep anything that was in the kitchen, and my friend and I left. There was no yelling, no harsh arguments, nothing. Just a clean cut-off. I'll go back home to my parents this weekend to explain everything and then I'll figure out where to live for the remainder of the school year. Thank you guys for giving me advice, and while I didn't respond to all of you, know that I do appreciate every opinion that was given here. As far as the status of whether this act will be reported or not, I have chosen not to share with the internet.



My wife wants to punish our daughter for touching herself
I(30m) have a daughter(6f) and a wife(28f)

Last night my wife walked into our daughters room and caught her with her hands down her pants. My wife is very religious and thinks that masterbaition is a sin. She scolded our daughter and asked me what a good punishment would be for her. I told her that she shouldn’t be punished and needs to go and apologize to her for scolding her.

This started an argument between us where she accused me of allowing sinful behavior and said that our daughter needs to be spanked. I took my daughter with me to stay at my brothers house because I don’t want my wife to punish her for something completely natural.

She text bombed me all night and I’m having second thoughts on our marriage. What should I do

Edit:we never spoke about this during our discussion on how we would raise her



My gf was raped and became pregnant. I broke up with her because she wanted to keep the baby
Really, really shit situation.

2 months ago, my GF was raped. It was done in a park. She didn't want to report it and went into a full breakdown, wouldn't speak to police, go to hospital etc. I couldn't force her, so I just stayed with her.

She was, obviously, in a really shit state since, and I've been with her, by her side, listening to her, helping her. We went to therapy, and she knows I'm there for her. She has a history of depression, and I've been really worried.

Last week, we found out she was pregnant. I was abroad for 2 months before the rape on work, and can back early to care for her. So the baby definitely isn't mine. She is 100% sure it's the rapist's.

So we had a discussion. She is a devout Catholic. We initially decided on a abortion, but after she speak to her Mother, she has decided to keep the baby, saying that isn't the baby's fault.

I flat out told her that I would not help raise a baby of a guy who raped her. She cried and begged me not to leave. I told she is the one making the choice - either she keeps the baby and I leave, or she aborts the baby and I stay. I would not let this go.

She didn't want either of those things to happen, so I told her we were done...

I feel shit. Was i wrong?



I (17m) am basically grounded until my 18th birthday in May because I was caught with condoms. I don’t talk to my parents anymore and they are hurt.
Hi. 

I (17m) and my girl (18f) have been dating since last November and started having sex in June. I always keep my condoms under my bed because nobody just goes snooping under my bed. Mid July my dog was under my bed and he took my condom box and ran out with it. I stopped him in the hallway and took them back but my mom had already seen it. She snatched it out of my hand & started yelling for my dad. He came, she held the box up and pointed at me, and they both looked so disappointed and I felt very ashamed. They ended up breaking me and my girlfriend up and stalk my every move to make sure we aren’t together. Although we’re not “together” anymore, I find ways around their blocks *when* I can. My parents have decided that COVID is a great opportunity to do some family bonding. They bought board games, made every Saturday movie night, and want everyone to take turns talking about their day. I often start studying so I am too busy to have to join. However sometimes they will force me to join. I just sit there silently or I don’t engage at all. I don’t mean to hurt their feelings- there just isn’t anything I want to say to them. My dad got angry a couple of days ago because of my silence with them. He screamed about how I haven’t had a real conversation with them in basically two months. I let him scream and I still stayed silent. Again, I just don’t have anything to say to them.. At all. However, my dad’s yelling did make me feel like a terrible kid for not speaking to them. I guess I should start talking to them, but I just don’t want to. I know that family is important and you should never hold grudges towards your family, but my feelings feel so set in stone that I don’t think I can bring myself to have a true conversation with them. Is there anyway I can just get over myself and speak to my parents?



My (28/f) dog growled at my niece (3/f) after she spent an entire evening harassing him. Now my brother (31/m) wants me to put the dog down.
Hi everyone. I have fostered a multitude of dogs in my life, and dealt with a lot of behavioral problems--dog aggression, cat aggression, food aggression, separation anxiety, super high prey drives...I've seen it all, and I've certainly encountered my fair share of dogs who weren't safe around small children. So I feel extremely confident in saying my current 5 year-old lab mix is safe for kids. He's basically a gigantic teddy bear, and loves everyone.

However, it's always been my personal philosophy that dogs (and any other animal, really) should never be left alone with young kids, even if it's the sweetest, most mild-mannered dog in the world. The kids don't understand when they're pushing the dog past its limits, and the dog cannot reasonably be expected to put up with being harassed long after it's signaled that it would like to be left alone.

My niece has never been good with my dog. She pulls his tail, climbs on/lays on him, hits him, pulls his ears, gets in his face and yells at him, and never gives him a second to himself unless she's forced to. He is basically a saint with her, but every dog has its limits. I stay as on-top of this behavior as I can, forcing her to leave him alone when it starts to seem like too much, and locking him away in a bedroom if she won't. My brother and SIL (30/f) really just don't get it, though. I've tried to talk to them about this behavior a bunch of times, and they know it's wrong, but they think it's wrong in the same way that her refusing to share or not picking up her toys is wrong. They don't understand that it's *dangerous*, and that if she was left alone long enough, my dog might lose it and attack her. This has been going on for over a year, I've tried to have this conversation with my brother over and over, but he always acts like I'm criticizing his parenting. Which is not the case; I don't think my niece is especially bratty or out of control for a kid that age, it's just that this behavior is dangerous to both her and my dog, and it needs constant intervention. The same way that a small kid playing with the stove isn't especially bratty, it's just especially *dangerous*, and needs to be curbed ASAP. I even tried having a dog trainer friend explain this to him, and he still didn't get it. 

I've tried to come up with excuses for why we can never meet at my house for our family hangouts, but I couldn't think of one the other day, and my brother and niece came over. I was cooking dinner and not paying enough attention to make sure my dog was okay (which was absolutely my fault, and I accept responsibility). I asked my brother a few times to keep her away from my dog, but he kept saying she was fine. I did move my niece away from him a few times, but I wasn't vigilant enough, and my dog ended up getting to the end of his rope and growling at my niece.

I immediately grabbed my dog and brought him into my bedroom. I did not punish him at all; frankly, I'm glad that he signaled loud and clear that he was uncomfortable. I would never want to discourage him from doing that, because then next time, he'd skip the growling and go straight to attacking. I came out of the room, ready to talk to my brother about how *this* is what I've been talking about. But he was furious, yelled that my dog is a menace who should be put down, and left.

I completely understood his reaction. That's his daughter, and he was afraid for her, and nothing else mattered to him. But he hasn't calmed down at all since this happened, and won't talk to me except to say my dog needs to be put down and he won't be speaking to me until it's done. He's also tried to involve our parents, who said they will absolutely not be getting involved (they know my niece's behavior with my dog has been a problem in the past). I have not heard from my SIL at all, which makes me think she might agree with me. Knowing her personality type, I don't really think she'd sit out a fight like this if she thought my dog was dangerous.

The way I see it, this is solely my fault and my brother's fault. I shouldn't have allowed my niece to harass my dog; I knew what could happen, and I was more concerned about how upset my brother got when I tried to bring it up, than I was about my niece's safety. I should've just said my niece wasn't allowed around my dog until she got a bit older, and dealt with whatever fallout there was within my family. Similarly, my brother should've kept a better eye on his kid, and not been so defensive when I tried to explain the problem. My dog, on the other hand, put up with being harassed for over a year, and when he was finally pushed to his limits, signaled very loudly (and harmlessly) that he needed to be removed from the situation. He is not dangerous, and I will not put him down.

My brother is now saying that the entire family has sided with a dog over his child, which is not the case. It's just that there are lots of other solutions to this problem. I am perfectly happy to crate my dog when they come over, or leave him in another room, or just never have them over again and hang out somewhere else. There's no reason for my niece to ever see my dog again, and I'd be happy to talk over a solution with him. It's just that he won't talk to me at all, and I don't know what to do. Should I give him more time to cool off? Should I go over to his house and try to talk? I don't want to ruin this relationship, we are very close, but I'm just not putting my dog down over this.

tl;dr After a year of warnings and my brother refusing to do anything about it, my dog got fed up and growled at my niece. Now he wants my dog put down, and won't talk to me until I do it.



My (F30) husband (M33) has been cheating on me with my best friend (F31) and asked me tonight if I want to be in a “throuple”.
[link to update full text](https://old.reddit.com/r/Throwra_justfml/comments/jmjlje/update_to_my_original_post_on_relationship_advice/?). [Link to update on relationship Advice](https://old.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/jmgto6/update_my_f30_husband_m33_has_been_cheating_on_me/) 

Edit: You beautiful people of reddit. I’m overcome (and honestly overwhelmed) with the outpouring of comments and support and awards and DMs. I just got home from work and am crying but this is a good cry. It’s been a really awful year and yesterday was brutal but logging on to this has just been the most special thing. I promise to read all your comments and DMs but it’s going to take some time haha. People who spent their coins on awards — that’s very sweet of you and I’m surprised that you’d do that on a throwaway but I want you to know that it honestly touched my heart that strangers can be this caring about a nobody. I don’t feel alone like I did last night when I posted. THANK YOU. I still have no idea the best way to leave this situation but I’m definitely not signing up for a throuple which I made crystal clear to my husband at 4am. Also, my manager pulled me aside today and asked me if everything is okay because I obviously didn’t sleep and look super gross I think from the throwing up and not eating. I just told him what happened because I couldn’t think of a lie on the spot. He took me to his office and searched our legal Bar and legal help and divorce mediation and looked me dead in the eyes and said if I tell anyone at work he’ll deny it so then I broke down sobbing in his office which was really not my finest moment. So it turns out he has a soul and gave me Monday off in his words to “get yourself to a lawyer but keep it quiet from your husband”. So on Monday my husband will think I’m at work but I’ll be seeing what my next steps should be from a legal perspective. Speaking of my husband, I asked him to give me some space for the next few days and he’s on the couch. My best friend texted me a few times today but I’ve just left her on read. This was a long edit! I’m going to eat something and sleep now. Thank you for caring reddit. 

Okay, let me start out by saying fuck 2020. My husband lost his job in April, and has been home while I have been working extra shifts (making $12/hr) to keep us from going broke. Yes, I’ve been out of the house more than at home. Yes, I haven’t been super active in bed because I am really exhausted all the time from working 70 hours a week STANDING ON MY FEET all 70 hours. I thought he’d appreciate that I am working so we have things like food and a place to live. Instead he and my best friend have been fucking while I’ve been at work. She lost her job too. They’ve always gotten along with each other and I’ve never felt jealous or threatened that they have hung out together just the 2 of them over the years. One very drunk night in 2009 she and I did make out but it was a one time thing and I didn’t enjoy it. I thought I could trust them and that they were just friends. Obviously, I’m an idiot. 

Enough backstory. I came home tonight and found them snuggling on the couch watching tv. Like in a spooning position, but it was very obvious it was intimate. They didn’t panic, but she sat up. Then he sat up. At this point I felt my stomach turn into a rock and I felt dizzy. No word of a lie, my body went into some kind of shock? I just walked to the bathroom and closed the door and sat on the toilet. I just started crying after I have no idea how long. I threw up. I heard them whisper talking but couldn’t make out what they were saying, but then they knocked on the bathroom door and asked if I was ok, and I told them “obviously fucking not.” They didn’t backpedal or deny anything. They didn’t admit to fucking then, but my best friend said we should all probably talk about what’s going on. 

I stayed in the bathroom. We talked through the door. That’s when my husband said “ok, yes, we didn’t want you to find out like this, but we have been in a relationship since July.” He said some more things but I honestly can’t remeber them because my ears were kind of ringing? And I kept thing about him saying relationship. This wasn’t a fling or a one night stand. I could maybe forgive that but a real relationship? Isn’t marriage supposed to me mean just and I are in a relationship? So he says whatever and then my best friend says “so what do you think?” I missed everything he said obviously so I told her that and she said “so you missed the part about all three of us living together?” After me asking what? my husband clarified that she would stay on the couch but they’d keep each other company during the day and I could be with her too if I wanted (she knows I don’t want this because we would have made out more than that one time in 2009 right?) I know she needs to move out of her place because no job=no rent payment. I had told her in the past she could always crash at my place, but I never meant like this. How could she not know that? Is my best friend an idiot? Am I an idiot? 

I need advice. Yes, tell me that I’m the idiot I am for trusting them and having bad judgement and not doing my “wifely duties”. I own all those things. I just need help figuring out my next steps. I don’t want to be in a throuple and I don’t even want to look at either of them. It’s 3:30am and I can’t sleep and don’t know what to do. I feel like I’ve been used. I don’t know even if I leave if I’d still have to pay for my husband’s expenses because he’s not working? Which would mean I’m paying for them to have a relationship, which idiot me has been doing since July and I really hate my life right now. 

TL:DR All work and no play makes THROWRA_justfml a fucked over wife and friend.



My (31M) dad (77M) just tested for positive for coronavirus and it's likely he'll die. What should I talk to him about for the next week?
My dad is 77 and has a compromised immune system (he's been on prednisone, an immunosuppressant, for a rarer form of vasculitis, which has affected his lungs.) It's quite likely he will die. We've had a rocky relationship in the past (typical Asian dad not getting along with/opening up to his Asian-American son) and I'm worried that he'll die before I really got a chance to ever get to know him. What are good things I could try to talk to him about this week while I have time?



My (25F) husband (26M) broke our dogs leg, I'm worried for the child I'm currently carrying.
Hello all, throw away for obvious reasons. 

So, I'm a big pet lover. We have several dogs, reptiles, frogs and small animals. 

I work in the pet care industry and have recently lost my job due to the shutdown. 

That being the case, I've been home a lot more often, and I noticed the animals aren't attached the him like me. I thought nothing of it, as I care for them mainly and had most of them before we got together. 

Our pets have their own room, and yesterday I went to let out dogs out and our 5lb Chihuahua mix was limping and putting no weight on his leg. My husband jokingly said a few minutes before I checked on him, "I got Rufus to stop scratching the door." 

I thought nothing of it until my poor dog was unable to move. 

I took him to the vet and they did x-rays and let me know Rufus's hip was broken. They said being so small it could be because he jumped off the furniture and hurt himself, as he's rather old as well. 

My husband later admitted that he lost his temper, picked Rufus up the the scruff, and beat him. 

He feels incredibly guilty and wants nothing to do with any of the pets now. 

I found out yesterday I'm pregnant, and I'm worried he may loose his temper with a newborn much worse then Rufus's constant scratching. 

What do I do? I love this man and we've been married half a decade now.



My husband tampered with his condom and forced me to keep the baby
I(24f) have a husband(30m) and a new born child.

My husband admitted to wanting a child knowing I didn’t so he poked holes in his condoms hoping to get me pregnant. When I found out I was he claimed that it must be meant to be since we took all of the precautions we could. I wanted to abort but he got mad and told me that I’m not killing his child.

When he told me what He did I started crying that he put me through so much pain during the pregnancy and risked my life(almost bled out) instead of finding someone who wants kids. I’m not sure what to do, I need advice



My (29/F) husband (30/M) helped cover up his friend’s affair and can’t understand why I’m angry at him.
For context: My husband and I have been together for 7 years. He has a best friend ‘Liam’ (30) who is married to ‘Eleanor’ (31) and they’ve been together longer than us. I’ve been friends with Eleanor almost as long as I’ve known my husband, I met her through my husband/Liam.

A month ago, my friend called me in tears to tell me she found out her husband was having an affair. She confronted him and he swore he would end things and focus on their marriage.

Two days ago, her and Liam called my husband to ask him to confirm Liam was going to spend the evening with him, my husband said he was. I know he was lying because we had plans that evening so I confronted him about it. He got defensive and said he was only helping his friend out and it wasn’t a big deal because he only needed time alone and that Eleanor was too controlling. We got in an argument and eventually I asked him if he knew Liam had had an affair. He denied it but he’s a bad liar, so I knew he was BSing. I asked him how long he’s been covering for him, but he refused to answer any of my questions. When I told him I was going to let Eleanor know Liam wasn’t going to be with my husband he got really upset and told me I shouldn’t do that. We kept arguing over it and I eventually told him we should cancel our plans and he could really go hang out with Liam since helping him was so important to him.

I ended up moving into the guest room and haven’t really spoken to my husband much since. He keeps telling me he doesn’t understand why I’m so angry since it’s not like he was the one having the affair, but I really can’t look at him the same way.

How do I explain to him why I’m so upset with him? Am I overreacting?

TL;DR – my husband helped his friend cover up his affair, knowing I was friends with his wife. He now doesn’t see why I think it's a big deal.



When should I tell my brother and his Fiancé that I'm pregnant?
My brother is gay and together with his fiancé for now 7 years.In November 2019 he and his fiancé were looking into adoption or surrogacy.I offered to be their surrogate with his fiancé's sperm, that way the child would be as close as possible to being their biological child.

Now in 2020 after 2 failed IVF cycles I have just learned that the embryo took and I am pregnant.Their wedding is next week.Should I tell them that the IVF worked and their child is on the way right now before their wedding, or should I wait until after?

Edit: Ok I will tell them in a few hours that way they are at both at home. 



My (24F) husband (38M) keeps sexualising my childhood trauma even tho I’ve asked him not to. I’ve tried everything. Nothing is working. Thinking of divorce.
NSFW

Please don’t waste your time on the age gap. It’s something I’ve dealt with for our whole relationship and I don’t want to get lectured about it.

I’ve been with my husband for 6 years, married for 2. I know he’s older but he looks very youthful for his age and he’s super fit and active so honestly the age was never an issue, ever.

Between the ages of 10 and 15 I was sexually abused by my step dad and when I first started getting serious with my now husband, I told
Him everything. All the details, all the ways it screwed me up and all the horrible after math and fall out from various family members. In short, it was all bad, in every which way you can imagine. 

Within the last 4 months, every time my husband and I make love, it starts out normal but at some point he always starts asking questions about the times I was abused. He gets real graphic and bc were in the moment, I always answer his questions. 

I’m not a prude by any means and I even have my own kinks which he always enjoys. But lately it seems his only kink is hearing me talk about the most traumatic time in my life. The questions he asks are so gross and so personal and he’s never asked these before. The concerning part is he seems to get excited about the details as I answer his question bc he always finishes super fast once he starts asking these questions.

I’ve sat him down SEVERAL TIMES and told him how it makes me feel less than, how it hurts me, how it makes me feel like trash. How it brings me back to a horrible time. And I’ve told him to stop. He always apologizes about it and says he won’t do it anymore. But then we start making love and whether it’s 10 minutes, 20 minutes or one of our longer sessions, he always ends up bringing it up near the end of our session a few minutes before he finishes. 

I write this in my bed alone as I’ve asked him to sleep on the couch tonight bc he just did it again after I repeatedly tell him not to.  

I don’t know what my next move is. I’m tempted to leave but I don’t work and would have to take him to court to get some type of support so I can live and I know that stuff takes time. I still love him and he’s a great husband in every other sense but this whole thing is turning me off and slowly but surely making me fall out of love with him. If he really loved me why would he continually hurt me like this? Also, is it possible he is perverted like, liking that stuff? How is this new I’ve known him for years and he’s never mentioned this as being a turn on. Any advice would be appreciated, I have no family and friends here as I’m new to the city we live in and my family lives in a different country. 

Thank you.

EDIT: I was not expecting to get so many messages. Literally thousands. Thank you to everyone who is sending support. It’s impossible to message all of you so I just want you to know I’ve read hundreds of your comments and the support made me cry. Thank you x a million. I will post an update soon. My husband is currently staying in a hotel so I have some time to think
About my options.



My [25m] girlfriend [23f] went to the protests and now wants to see my diabetic [55m] [52f] parents, I said no and she and now her family thinks I am punishing her and trying to control her beliefs.
My girlfriend and I have been dating since June of 2018. We are pretty close and her family is on good terms with mine. We do have our fights like every other couple, I find my girlfriend to be pretty ‘reactive’ and it has been a problem before in our relationship but we can generally sort things out. 

Also, I want to add too, that I don’t live with my parents I normally have my own space but I moved in because of the lockdown and I didn’t want my parents out shopping. My parents are in decent shape, but we have a family history of diabetes my dad has Diabetes (Type 1) and my mom is prediabetic. 

My girlfriend has been understanding in fact she took this lockdown super seriously and was frustrated that people weren’t taking it seriously enough.

She started to go to the protests in our city, she asked me to go, I told her no that it would be irresponsible since I am with my parents. She was upset but understood. 

We were going to have a pizza night at my house, and my mom invited my girlfriend’s family not knowing that my girlfriend was out at the protests. Once I heard, I told my mom’s and told my girlfriend, that until she self quarantines for two weeks I don’t feel comfortable with her and her family at my house. 

My girlfriend was livid, and not only that her parents who are also hot heads just start getting angry. They start talking about how proud they are of their daughter for standing up to injustice, now I am punishing them by kicking them out of their house. That my mom didn’t care, that only I did, that I am driving a wedge between them. That I am trying to control their daughter’s beliefs. And her mom really just started yelling at me. Is this the type of son in law I am going to be? 

This thing has been ridiculous, my mom didn’t know when she invited them. I didn’t say they couldn’t ever come, but please wait you might be infected. My girlfriend’s family is acting as if because she wore a mask she is 100% immune. I don’t know normally when I have disagreements with my girlfriend, it is just me and her. But here it seems that both she and her mom mainly (dad is somewhat cool) are just hyping each other up. I think her dad is the most understanding but he is the quietest one in the family. 

I don’t know what to do here? I know for a fact I am not going to risk my parent’s wellbeing to appease my girlfriend and her family. But what can I do to get my girlfriend’s parents to understand? Like they should know better? Her mom is a Physician’s Assistant so how is she just turning a blind eye to this? Do I just try to let things cool off? 

**Tl;Dr- my mom invited my girlfriend to our house for pizza night not knowing that my girlfriend has been out at the protests. After I found out, I immediately canceled it. My girlfriend and her family have taken this as a huge personal offense.**



My girlfriend (24F) has a choice between me (25M) or her family and I don't know how to tell her
This is a throwaway, as you can tell from the username.

Hello everyone, hope you guys are staying safe from coronavirus.

I met my girlfriend when I was in my senior year in college, she was a junior back then. We have been dating for 3 years now. I'm Asian and she's white. To say I don't deserve her would be an understatement. She's the most beautiful and the smartest girl I know and she comes from a pretty wealthy family. I'm not particularly handsome or attractive, not extremely smart (just because we both went to an Ivy League college doesn't mean shit, it just means I have slightly above average IQ but I decided to work harder than most other high schoolers), and our family is not very rich either. We aren't poor, my parents were able to help me pay for college and I only had to take a few thousand in student loans, but we are certainly not as wealthy as her family. I really love her and I try to be the best boyfriend I can be.

Unfortunately, her entire family is racist except for her and her brother (who is one of my best friends). Every time we go to one of her family gatherings, there are racist comments tossed around. It's against everyone who isn't white, including Asians but also African Americans, Mexicans, etc. I am the only one there who is not white. I don't know if they are trying to insult me intentionally with comments like "Oh those yellow (n-word)s stealing our jobs" but it not only annoys me on a personal level but also just like in general, they're being such racist assholes. But I try to be as nice as possible because I don't want to let this ruin our relationship. But her family members still all dislike me.

So yesterday her dad texted me. I knew that my girlfriend's parents know my number but it's still strange because her dad doesn't like me at all and we have never really had a 1 on 1 conversation. But anyway, he sent me a few texts saying "This relationship has gone far enough" and to sum things up he said that if I didn't break up with my girlfriend he would disown her and her entire family would cut her off. And then he said if I really loved her I would know that her family was more important to her and stuff like that. I have no idea why he decided to say this now and not like 3 years ago when we first started dating.

I haven't talked with my girlfriend yet because I don't really know how to tell her about this. I know she loves her family and I don't want to hurt her relationship with them. But I also don't want to hurt her by just breaking up with her without telling her why.

I really need some advice here my fellow Redditors, how do I tell her about this situation? Even if we do end up breaking up, I want to do what makes her happy in the long run.

**TL;DR** My girlfriend's family is racist and they don't like me. Her dad told me that either I would break up with her or he would disown her and her entire family would cut her off. I don't know how to tell her about this.

**UPDATE**

So first of all I want to apologize for not updating until today. Yesterday I checked the first \~30 or so comments and they all said show her the text. I have a job as a tech lead and we had like 4 meetings in a row yesterday. Couldn't really zone out to check Reddit. And afterwards I was pretty tired so my lazy ass decided not to update until today. I never expected it to blow up so much. Today I woke up and I saw like >2k comments and 22.9k upvotes and I was pretty blown away so sorry for not responding to anything.

I texted my girlfriend yesterday and sent her a screenshot of what her dad sent me. She said she needed some time to think and I just told her I love her and I'd respect her decision either way. So I guess all that's left to do is wait.

So now I guess I will respond to the general categories of comments/questions:

>Show her the texts.

Done.

>You're taking away from her right to decide as a grown adult woman. You're being sexist/misogynist. You need more communication and trust in a relationship.

That was kind of eye opening for me. Her dad's texts were all completely directed at me, like YOU need to make this decision. It's YOUR fault. All of the YOUs kind of stuck me into the mindset where it really was my decision only. I don't know, I guess I was just being dumb as usual. Lesson learned though, thanks.

>Why didn't she stand up for you at her family gatherings? Why did she take you in the first place?

Well I've never really thought about this stuff before but as far as I can remember they only say that shit when she's not in the room. They have a pretty big house so she sometimes goes to talk with her other relatives in other rooms, and that's when it starts. I didn't think it would be good if I just followed her like a little puppy everywhere she went so I generally tend to stay in the same room.

Also my friend almost never shows up to those gatherings for some reason. Maybe it's connected to this, maybe it's not.

I've never really brought it up to her and straight up said that their racism pisses me off a little. I don't know, maybe I should have? I just didn't want her to think I'm a huge crybaby about it. It didn't really feel targeted towards me, because they were just being racist to every race in general, and I just happen to be included in one of them.

>Delete the text and don't tell her anything.

I don't think that's a good idea... maybe they're not lying.

>Reverse Crazy Rich Asians on them.

I have heard of that movie but have never watched it. Is it any good? Never been a big movie guy, I always just play PC games. The only time I watch movies is with my girlfriend.

>This post is fake.

Listen, man. I don't have that much spare time to make up a fictional narrative and publish it on Reddit. What do I gain from making up a post like this? Karma? Awards? This is a throwaway account, not my main Reddit account. If I really wanted to Karma-farm, don't you think I would want to do it on my main? And I'm not really a huge fan of fantasy internet points anyway... I mean I don't know what else you want me to say.

For people who say they've never heard "Yellow N\*gger" before, it's probably because you're not Asian. I bet you've never heard "Pancake Face" before either...

>Please update.

I didn't feel like this update warranted a new post but I will make a new post when my girlfriend makes up her mind if you guys want.

Thanks to all of you for your replies!



I [26M] upset a woman [20sF] and my friends are acting like I'm in the wrong.
Hey guys.

I went out clubbing last night with my friends. There were seven of us, three guys including me and four girls. My girlfriend Hannah was meant to come too but she was feeling ill. I offered to stay in with her but she insisted I go out and have a good time. 

At the club my friends got talking to a group of women who apparently work in finance. They were here for some kind of conference and were checking out the local places in their spare time. 

One of them, Lauren, started trying to chat to me and ask for my number. She was pretty but I was not interested as I have a girlfriend. I told her this but she then started asking for pics of Hannah. I showed her and she said that I ''could do better than that''. I was very annoyed and told her to leave me alone. 

Later me and my friends were dancing, and Lauren and her group came up to us and she started trying to dance with me. I gave her the brushoff once again and moved away from her and she gave me a dirty look. A while later she came back and by that point was very drunk. She smirked at me and threw her drink in my face. I was absolutely fuming and in response I poured my beer on her head. She started crying and ran to the bouncer who got us all kicked out. 

Everyone then proceeded to have a go at me. I understand they were annoyed that we were kicked out, but everyone was acting like I was wrong to pour my drink on her. They all saw her splash her drink in my face, but everyone was saying it was nasty to do that to a girl. 

The ladies in our group were talking about how upset they'd be if someone ruined their dress/hair/makeup by doing that, but when I pointed out she did the same to me everyone said that it isn't the same. 

Nobody said goodbye to me last night and I made my own way home. I told Hannah what happened and she agrees that I didn't do anything wrong. I tried explaining myself again over the groupchat but everybody ignored me. 

How do I sort this out in a mature way?

TL;DR: My friends are acting like I was in the wrong for pouring my drink on someone who threw hers in my face.



My wife thought I used my sexual assault as an excuse to cheat. Abuser convicted guilty, my wife wants me back
This is such a long story that takes place over a series of months. I'll try to get all the details without going on for too long. So basically I (30M) got raped at a party about 8 months ago. I got drunk and an acquaintance of mine took advantage of me. I hardly remember it but I woke up the next morning naked with a vivid memory of what had happened. I remember putting up a fight, but not much else. I also have a very very vague memory of her holding a phone the entire time, but that's about it (will be important later). I immediately went home and told my wife.

She was extremely sympathetic and let me cry on her shoulder. I was a sobbing mess. At the time I did not want to press charges because I didn't know how it would go if I, a male) accused a woman of raping me. 

Anyway, I ended up telling my friends because they questioned why I stopped showing up to gatherings. The girls response was basically that it was consensual and I was lying to keep my wife from getting mad at me. Half of my friends believe her and the other half are on my side. It was a mess. In the end, I decided to just distance myself from them all. 

One of my supportive friends contacted me letting me know that she had gotten pregnant, but ended up aborting. This was a whirlwind of emotions for me but in the end I decided that it was for the best. My wife took this in a different way. 

She says that she wasn't aware that my abuser made me finish and that I wouldn't have cum if I genuinely wasn't enjoying it. We argued for days and she kept telling me I was sick for faking a rape allegation just so I could cheat on her. We've separated but are not yet divorced. I've been staying with my brother. 

Well, at this point, I decided that I needed to go to the police to clear my name. I hired a lawyer and when he heard my recount of the events that I remember, he was absolutely convinced that she had recorded the encounter. I don't know why, all I mentioned was that she was holding a phone, but I guess it makes sense. 

Anyway, her phone and laptop were searched but there was nothing. It took months, but finally we were able to retrieve the video via the cloud. I guess you can't really ever fully delete something. The video clearly depicted me in a vulnerable state and incoherently trying to get her off of me. It was sick. 

Anyway, with this evidence plus witness accounts courts sentenced her to 2.5 years in prison. When this happened, I guess my wife realized that I actually had gotten raped and has been pleading to get back into my life. She says she made a mistake and just assumed and she's so sorry, but I don't know if I can ever forgive her.

Should I continue with divorce or try to work things out with her?



My stepsister is telling my whole family my boyfriend got her pregnant to make herself feel better.
Sorry weird title. So I met my 25F boyfriend “Tim” 26M 3.5 years ago. We hit it off he was great and sweet and we get along perfectly. Until I introduced him to my family. My mother had gotten remarried a few months earlier, I like my stepdad and we get along fine, my stepsister “Sarah”  who is 26F and were friendly but not besties by any means. She is kind of an intense party girl and being in our 20s we only saw each other at family events. 

So I introduced Tim to my family at which point we learn that Sarah used to date Tim when they were 20. It was only a few months and Tim said they broke up because she made out with another guy at a nightclub while drunk. Sarah got upset and started saying I had to break up with him because it was weird. She called Tim her “sloppy seconds” and tried to get our parents to force us to break up. I said no. It had been years since they’d been together and I didn’t even know Sarah when she was dating Tim. 

I got pretty upset because my family jumped on the bandwagon of saying we should break up. For the past few years at any family gathering Sarah would mention how they used to date and act like I stole her boyfriend and has been selling that narrative to my family and friends. It became obvious that she was jealous. But I liked Tim so we just ignored it and kept dating. 

So now a few year later Tim and I live together and we’ve been talking about marriage and stuff and I recently had a conversation with my mom about how I thought Tim was going to propose because he’s not exactly subtle and we’ve talked about this for a while. At which point Sarah who just moved back in with out parents walked in. She started asking a bunch of invasive questions about our relationship and being weird. 

Sarah is four months pregnant, the father she said was some deadbeat guy she’d hooked up with who wants nothing to do with her, but she wants to keep the baby. I’d been making an effort taking her to appointments and offering to help babysit and trying to be excited for her. Until a week ago when my stepdad sent me a long text saying how I can’t marry Tim because he is the real father of Sarahs baby. I was immediately very upset and confronted Tim who was completely shocked and said Sarah was lying. He said there’s no way and he didn’t cheat on me and he would gladly have a paternity test to prove that. Unsure I asked Sarah for more details about when they slept together which she says happened a few times. She was shaky and went back and forth on details. The dates and times don’t match up with what I can remember of what Tim and I have been doing. 

She also said she came to our house to see him but since Covid I’ve been working from home. So I cant imagine that they managed that. I’m pretty sure now that she’s lying to get us to break up because she’s still jealous. But now my family are involved and have been sending me hateful messages saying I need to break up with Tim and let him be with Sarah. She’s telling everyone he’s in love with her and I’m keeping him from her. She has no proof and he strictly denied everything. 

I texted her asking for proof of any of this happening and she sent me some fake photoshopped screenshots- that I can tell are fake. Where she’s put Tims name over a friends number and pretended he was messaging her. I checked and the friend all but admitted it to me and tried to laugh it off. She badly photoshopped the timestamps.

I actually don’t know what to do now. I believe Tim and we are still together but this has kind of thrown a wedge in everything. Sarah has poisoned my relationship with our parents and my family. I feel sick to my stomach and Sarah is now saying she won’t give me a paternity test. 

For now I’ve cut everyone off except Tim but I don’t know what to do now.

UPDATE: https://www.reddit.com/user/ThrowRA-6554671/comments/kt0r21/my_stepsister_told_my_family_my_boyfriend_got_her/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf



I’m a Korean female (24) in an interracial relationship with a white male (29) and struggling with identity issues
I’ve met my soulmate. He’s amazing, I’m crazy in love.. But the closer we get to marriage and children, the more resentful I become. I’m  sad and resentful, at no one and everyone, and I’m struggling with how to come to terms with it.

He’s white, I’m Korean. We’ve talked about race on multiple occasions. He’s even brought it up by asking what it was like to live in the US as an Asian female. He listened to my experience and asked a lot of questions. He’s the first non-minority I’ve ever dated who has made me feel heard and understood. He also has a million other wonderful traits, I love him very much and I’m so excited to have found the person I want to share my life with.

However, the more serious we get, the more frequently I experience episodes of anxiety about identity. I’m a Korean female adopted into a white family. My parents are white, my siblings are white, my extended family is white, my adorable little nieces and nephews are white, and I am almost always the only Asian person in whatever room I am in. I struggled with identity issues as a child (I learned how to use makeup to make me look ‘more white’, I stuffed my bra, hated my hips, begged my mom to let me dye my hair and buy contacts, etc…). With age and a lot of therapy I finally feel comfortable with who I am... and now I’m in a relationship with a 6ft tall ginger. He’s beautiful and I love him, but he looks nothing like me… and I fear that neither will our children. Maybe I’m wrong, but after using Google Images, I’m imaging slightly ‘exotic’ looking white children. I’m sure they’ll be absolutely adorable and I’ll love them to pieces, but they won’t look Asian.

When I thought about my life, I always imagined having children and I always imagined them being Asian. The idea of finally living in a home where there are people who look like me has brought me comfort for so long… and now I’m realizing that it may never become a reality. My partner and I do plan to adopt. We want to experience pregnancy by having one biological child and then adopt the rest. Adoption is very important to me, but we’re interested in adopting children who would otherwise grow up without a family- which means foster children and not the private adoption of Asian infants. The likelihood of us coming upon an Asian foster child who is available for adoption is quite small.

I’ve spent my whole life being ‘the other’ and now even the child who grows in my womb won’t look like me. It feels like a death in the family. It feels like I’m grieving this life that will never be and it’s bringing up a lot of pain I thought I had moved past. I don’t know how to feel.  I am incredibly sad about the idea of not having an Asian child, but at the same time I feel like his/her life would be better if he/she didn’t have to grow up as ‘the other’ in a predominantly white country.

I love my family, I have no regrets about being adopted. They’re incredible and have surrounded me with so much love and support. I love my boyfriend, and I want to spend the rest of my life with him… but I have so much anger and hurt inside of me that I’m always the friggin Asian girl. I hate being the only Asian in the room. I hate being the only Asian in my family. I hate it. I hate that I stand out in whatever group I’m in, and now I’m realizing that there will probably be a family portrait hanging above our fireplace of my white husband, our white children, and me.

I just reread this before posting, and it has a lot of anger. I just want to be clear that I have moments of anger and pain, but most of the time I’m happy and excited to start my life with him… it’s just rubbing old wounds that feel really raw. I feel stupid and petty putting it in writing, but the pain is real and I want to be able to move past it. Has anyone been in a similar experience? I would love any insight.

TLDR; Asian girl in a serious relationship with a white male and grieving that her children probably won’t look like her.

Edit: This got a lot bigger than I anticipated. I have noticed a lot of comments expressing concern that I would resent a white child or that I only want children to produce a lookalike, and I can understand those concerns- but it's not how I feel at all. I do want to add that  Relationship\_Advice is filled with posts from people who are expressing their deepest and darkest/most private fears. This is a deep, dark, and shameful fear of mine. Everyone has thoughts they are ashamed of and want to resolve. I would never get pregnant just to produce a lookalike, and I will love any child I have (biological/adopted/white/asain/blue/purple/green) with all of my heart. That doesn't change the fact that it can be really difficult to be the only person in 99% of the rooms you're in who looks like you. It's very common struggle among transracial adoptees and minorities in general. This isn't something I struggle with 24/7, it isn't one of my defining character traits, but it is a private pain I have. I was hoping to find other people who have experienced the same thing, and talking to them has been incredibly helpful. Thank you so much :) I really appreciate all of the insight and advice I've received. I'm going to get back into counseling to address these new and confusing Identity issues that have starting popping up.



I (26f) am an escort and I am falling in love with one of my clients (39M)
If you are going to pass judgment on my profession please dont, if you are going to tell me I am being exploited please don't I am not here for that.

&#x200B;

I took on this client about a year ago. I was immediately struck with how handsome he was. As I got to know him he showed himself to be a kind, sweet, charismatic, utterly brilliant person. He is always gentle I never had to enforce any boundaries with him. Over the last year I have come to look forward to visits with him above any of my other clients. If there's a scheduling conflict I will give him the priority, lately I have been more intimate with him then my other clients, cuddles, kissing, hugs, and other things I dont do with my other clients. I love my overnights with him. We have long deep talks about everything we have a lot of shared interests and we just get along really well. I feel very safe with him.

&#x200B;

I am falling in love with him. Its never happened to me before. I have always kept emotion separate from my work but I cant help it with him. I will spend time with him I dont bill him for, I spend extra time with him and just love to be with him. I've been spending time with him casually, going on... dates I guess for lack of better word that I'm not billing for either and the lines are starting to become very blurry.  I dont know what to do. I think I want to move the relationship from professional to personal, truth is it's already becoming personal to me, but I cant imagine he would be ok with my work if I was his gf. I am afraid of being rejected by him and ruining our work relationship, I think I would give this up to be with him but that presents a whole new set of problems for me in finding a new career.

&#x200B;

I dont know what to do. Do I go for it? Risk rejection and ruining our professional relationship? Do I give up my career for him if he says yes? I dont think I could continue this if I was with him personally. Do I just keep silent and continue our relationship as is? Or do I drop him as a client altogether? I was never looking for a guy to "save me" but I cant help what I'm feeling for him.

&#x200B;

\*Edit\*I know why hes single. His wife died in an accident 3 years ago.

Edit2 I cant believe how many responses this post has gotten. I am going for it. I'll tell him this week. Now to figure out how. Lots had asked if I have a back up I do.

Edit 3 I'm about to leave for lunch with him. I'm not going to bring it up yet but I do intend to ask him if he ever sees himself getting married again. Thanks for all the support. I didn't expect to see this much support.

Edit 4 Lunch was nice. We had a good time. I did ask him if he felt like he could ever be married again. he said 3 years ago the answer would be a hard no but now he wasn't so sure. Then he asked me if I ever saw myself getting married and I had a similar answer, I told him I asked him if he wanted to come to dinner at my place tonight, not work, personal. He said he's like that. I'm going for it.

Final Update 

Well I truly didn't expect this post to get the reception it did. I didn't think this many people would care and become so invested in my story. I really didn't expect all the support I got. I was flooded with Comments, Pms and chat requests. Some were about what I expected. Accusations of gold digger, and "cant turn a hoe into a housewife" type comments thats really the response I expected. What I didn't expect were the thousands of comments and messages of support. You were all right in that I did know what I really wanted. I did know what my heart was telling me but seeing thousands of people tell me to go for it was the push I needed to not waste anymore time. Shoot your shot right?

&#x200B;

I'd like to address a few things before I get into the update

&#x200B;

A few people mentioned the story about his wife might be fake and he's secretly married. I was pretty sure he wasn't married I did out-calls to his home and my married clients NEVER take me to their home always a hotel. But I was regularly in his home, I saw the pictures of her around the house I know she was real. 

&#x200B;

How can I trust a guy who uses escorts? Well this is a silly thing to judge him on considering what I do. I cant imagine judging a man for using my service. I was his first too and unless hes a good actor I know the awkwardness of a first timer and he was definitely awkward when we first met. I never asked him if he started seeing other escorts because frankly its none of my business. 

&#x200B;

I should wait for him to approach me. Unfortunately this probably wouldn't work. As the lines became blurred I did tell him about a few clients who became overly possessive, obsessive and jealous I had to drop. I am sure he thought the same would happen to him if he tried to tell me he wanted a personal relationship. I had to be the one to make this move

&#x200B;

Do I want to do this forever/Do I really want to give it up? Different variations on this theme of leaving the biz. Some in favor some against. Bottom line is I don't think I see myself doing this into my 30's. It used to be fun and exciting but lately it hasnt been. it just feels like work now and the only meets I look forward to anymore are the ones with him. I also don't feel good about the idea of being committed to him but still seeing clients. I heard from a lot of other sex workers and clients who were able to make that arrangement work but I just cant. Even if he would be ok with it I just cant. Another add on to this is a friend of mine who has never been crazy about what I do. Shes given me a standing offer to go to work with her company on the sales team.

&#x200B;

A lot of people suggested we try going out as friends and doing things outside our "working" relationship. I imagine my comments answering this one were buried in the flood of comments so I'll put it here. We have been. For some time now. We meet for lunches, dinners, we go to the movies and make little trips to sites around where we live. We also text throughout the week. 

&#x200B;

Ok on to the Update. I think I left off yesterday that we had met for lunch. This was sort of a normal thing for us lately and we had a nice chat. I posed to him the question of if he ever saw himself falling in love and marrying again. He said after his wife died he didn't think it would be possible but now he thinks he might be able to with the right person. Then he followed up with a question about if I would ever think about leaving the biz and getting married. And I sorta answered the same, with the right person, followed by a pointed stare. He had to go back to work by this point and I invited him to my home for dinner. this was a first. He has never been to my home. I dont bring clients back there only friends. I hoped that sent a strong signal to him. 

&#x200B;

I went back home and started getting ready, I had to go shopping for some things and get the place ready to have a guest over. I called my friend up she knows about this guy and has been on the same page as Reddit pushing me to make a move and settle down into something more "normal" I told her about the reddit post and said I was making the jump. I also let her know I wanted to take her up on her offer. I called up my upcoming appointments and canceled. I said something had come up and I wouldn't be available. I'm out. I'm done regardless of what happened with him If I cant get my head in the game anymore and I'm getting too personal, plus now I am realizing I want to be in a relationship and I cant separate sex from my feelings like I thought, its time to call it. This isn't what I want anymore. This choice was for me not him. Even if things didn't work out with him I realized I really did want to be in a committed relationship with someone. One thing that people mentioned was the idea that he could turn violent when I told him. I honestly didn't believe he would but I asked my friend to call and check on me just in case. She knows the drill we have safe and emergency words set up and we have a plan for if she gets no response from me at all.

&#x200B;

I got my shopping done and got dinner going, set the place up nice and romantic, and got myself dolled up nice and sexy and got ready to have him over. He came by at around 7. He had flowers for me and a bottle of wine. I invited him. He said he wasn't sure if he should bring payment or not and just did. I told him that wasn't necessary he wasn't here as a client. I dont bring clients to my home. I was really hoping he was getting the hint. Dinner was going nicely we had our usual rapport but I could tell he was a little perplexed about what this was all about. So I put on my big girl panties gathered my courage, and "Shoot my shot" as you all put it. I told him I was dropping him as a client. He looked surprised and hurt, he wanted to know why? What did he do wrong? Did something happen. I assured him it want about him. I was leaving the biz and dropped all my clients. I told him about the job I took and he wished me good luck, he said I was attractive and charming and he was sure I would do well in sales. He said he was going to miss me. I took a big deep breath and said. "You dont have to miss me if you dont want to" And then I spilled it. He was the only client I brought home to tell in person. I laid it all out all the things I mentioned in the post. How I felt about him and how I didnt want to be his escort anymore. I wanted to be his girlfriend. I said I understand he paid me to leave and not stick around and now I was asking to stick around and I would understand if he didnt want to continue on. He said who told you that? That he paid me to keep coming back not to leave. He said he felt it too but he wasn't sure if it was appropriate to ask me that. He was still hurt over his wife And that he wasnt even sure if he was ready but that some of the best things in his life he started when he wasn't sure if he was ready. He asked me if I was ok with being with someone who was still hurting over his ex. I told him I could work with it and that I wasn't trying to replace her. We kissed. I led him into my bedroom and we made love. 

&#x200B;

We spent some time after in each others arms talking about what comes next. He offered to help me make the transition but I told him I wanted to try and do this on my own and not rely on him. I appreciated his offer and if I needed the help I would ask but I need to do try on my own at first. He respected that. I told him that things would change now. As his GF I would have expectations of him I never had as an escort. He was ok with that. I told him I never asked or cared if he saw other women before but now I wanted monogamy I would give it and I wanted it in return so if he was seeing other escorts that would have to end and I reminded him I dropped my clients. He said that wasn't a problem. I was the only one. He spent the night with me and left this morning.

 

&#x200B;

Where is this going to lead us next? I have no idea. Maybe I am making a huge mistake, maybe this was fate, maybe this was God working in mysterious ways maybe we're just two lost and lonely souls tossed around by the stormy seas of life that managed to find each other and cling to each other. Fate, fairy tale or fluke we are going to see where this leads us next, and we're doing it together. I'm excited, elated and terrified all at once. My whole life has drastically changed in just a day. I didn't intend to move this fast but once this train started rolling it seemed like there was no stopping it. 

&#x200B;

To everyone who said I was a worthless whore who could never be loved, fuck you too, to everyone who expressed concern thank you, maybe this is a mistake but I have to find out, To everyone who encouraged me to go for it thank you, you were right, without the thousands of responses to go for it I would have languished in that limbo for a lot longer. 

&#x200B;

As a final thought I want to say that this isn't normal. If you see sex workers please dont see think this is the norm and that the women you see may also fall in love with you. While I'm sure it happens and Ive heard from others who were in similar positions to mine its really not the norm. If you're considering Sex Work because you think you can find prince charming know this outcome is very unusual. Oh and I hated Pretty Woman btw. I never thought it would be me one day. 

&#x200B;

You can pm nice comments to me if you have something supportive to say. If you just want to spite bile save it.



I (44M) want to read my daughter’s (17F) diary to find out why she left us. My wife (43F) says we should absolutely not
EDIT: After another restless night, I was very surprised to wake up to this. Thank you so much for your condolences and for sharing your thoughts and experiences. I wish I could respond to all of you but I am mentally exhausted. Again, thank you all so much.

My (44M) daughter (17F) committed suicide two months ago. It was honestly a big shock as she’s never shown any signs that she wanted to take her life. My wife and I blame ourselves and wishes that we could’ve done more. She was in therapy for something unrelated, she was very afraid and would panic at the sight of blood, so we thought that her feelings in general would be addressed during her sessions. We were always very supportive of her, asking her about her days or if she’s having any troubles about anything when she’s noticeably looking down. 

We only started cleaning out her room a week ago. I was going through her closet and tucked at the very back was a small backpack with her diary in it. I really wanted to read it because my daughter didn’t leave anything behind, not a note saying why she did it or anything, so I was hoping that maybe something in her diary would shine light as to why she did what she did. I brought the idea up to my wife and she said absolutely not, though she’s not with us anymore, she still deserves the utmost respect. My son (14M) also wants to know why her sister left but doesn’t think that reading her diary is the way to go about it.

I don’t know, I feel like we need closure. My family and her friends need closure. My wife cries herself to sleep every night, repeating that she wishes we could’ve done something different, and I comfort her. My son obviously misses his sister as they were so close. He misses her so much that sometimes we’d find him asleep by the door of his sister’s room in the middle of the night. My daughter didn’t have any social media presence but had a good amount of friends and none of them know why she did it either. This diary is our last shot of giving everyone she knew the answer why. I know diaries are very intimate and the last thing I want to do is disrespect my daughter.

If I don’t end up reading her diary, how will I find closure? How will my family move past this? Everyday is filled with tears and many thoughts of “why?” Was it my wife and I’s fault? We don’t know, which is why I want to know. If it was us, I don’t want to have us make the same mistakes with our only child left. I don’t know exactly what I’m asking for but anything would be appreciated.



My (25F) grandparents walked in on me getting spanked by my boyfriend (28M)
I was raised by my grandparents, and gave them a key to my place for emergencies. Well, my grandma gets really worried if you don't reply to her texts in an hour. 

This specific day was the first day I saw my boyfriend in weeks, because he had to go abroad for work and we wanted a bit of alone time. We put our phones on silent so we wouldn't be disturbed. Apparently my grandma wanted me to pick something up for her, and got worried when I didn't pick up the phone or respond to her messages for a few hours. 

She decided to come over to my apartment with my grandpa since she was worried, and used the emergency key. When they walked in I was splayed over my boyfriend's lap and we were both buck naked. 

Since we are the only people that live in the apartment, we do whatever we want wherever we want. This time, on the couch. Which meant that my boyfriend's hand hovering over my bare ass was the first thing my grandparents saw when they walked in.

I've never seen two people back out of an apartment so quickly in my life. My grandma still giggles nervously when she talks to me and my grandpa won't make eye contact with me when we FaceTime. 

How do I make this less awkward? A talk about my sexual preferences is not one that I want to have with the people that raised me.



My wife (36F) won't stop forcing me to drink her coffee... I don't want to hurt her feelings but I can't go on like this.
My wife (36F) lost her job recently, while I (48M) am currently working from my home office. Because I don't often get a chance to take breaks, she is kind enough to bring me a coffee once in a while. Nothing fancy, just regular filter coffee.

This used to only happen once every few hours, so in an average day I'd drink maybe... 2-3 cups of coffee. That was fine.

The problem has come in recent weeks. When I sit down at my desk (usually 8.00-8.30) there is a steaming cup of coffee waiting for me. Great. I drink it. But almost as soon as I've finished, my wife will come in and leave me with a fresh cup of coffee.

Every 15-20 minutes, she will come into the room and bring me more coffee. I like coffee enough in the mornings, but I do not need to chug gallons of it throughout the day. The mugs that she brings me are not small either.

There are some issues I don't know how to explain or address. If I let the coffee go cold, she will make upset faces and often refuse to speak to me (sometimes for hours/even a full day) until I ask her for more coffee. I will admit that sometimes I deliberately don't drink my morning coffee on purpose just so I can get a few hours of peace.

We've talked about this repeatedly and almost daily at this point. Every time she comes in with a coffee, I'll tell her that I've had enough and I don't want any more. She will often just silently put the coffee down next to me and the process will repeat again.

I've asked for other drinks (water, coke sometimes) and she will sometimes bring these instead, but as soon as I've finished she will bring me another coffee.

Now I'm getting regular headaches, nausea, and sometimes I'll be able to feel my own heartbeat. I don't think for a second that all this coffee is good for me. 

TL;DR: my wife brings me coffee constantly and expects me to drink it, how do I approach this?



Girlfriend’s little brother used my collection of ‘64 Kennedy Half Dollars to buy drugs
My girlfriends little brother is 19 and not going to college or doing anything except smoking weed and playing video games. He lives with us (we are both late 20’s and have FT jobs).

I have been stacking 1964 Kennedy half dollars for ten years now. For those that don’t know, they have a face value of $0.50 but they are made of 90% silver and so they are actually currently worth about $6 each.

I had 200, which means that his dumbass only got $100 worth of drugs yet essentially stole $1200 from me.

I insist that my girlfriend pays me back the $1200 because that is the current value in silver like I mentioned. Whereas she is arguing that she only owes me $100 because that’s what her brother thought he was stealing. And according to her “he only got $100 of weed so that’s fair”. Okay so then what about my $1100 on top of that? What then?

She also called my silver stack “useless and paranoid and stupid”. I collect them partially for a store of value Incase of inflation or deflation, but I also just enjoy looking at them and the hobby of it.

I guess I’m looking for opinions on if she should pay the full $1200 that they’re worth for the value of silver. It also seems like she is trying to make me out to be a conspiracy theorist who is hoarding silver for the end times. Which is sorta true lol but what would that change anyways?



My(23F) boyfriend(25F) left me on the side of the road and I deserved it.
My amazing, beautiful boyfriend had decided to treat me to dinner since we'd both had long weeks. He was making me laugh and we were talking and having a really good time. After we were done we left, and we were about half way home when I asked him if we could stop and get some dessert. He said something like "Haha, didn't we just eat?" and keeps driving. My stupid, selfish self pushes it and says "C'mon, please? I want something sweet.", he replies that we have ice cream at home and continues driving. After that I kept on pushing it and pushing it and pushing it, and while he's being way more patient with me than I deserve, he's firm and says no. I give up, but then i see a fast food restaurant up the road and jokingly pull the wheel to go into the parking lot. Apparently I pulled harder than I thought because we actually ended up swerving, and hit another car lightly. To make things worse, he just bought this car. The driver motions for us to pull into the parking lot, and when we do he and my boyfriend get out, and the driver starts cussing him out and saying horrible things to him, even though there wasn't any damage to both the cars (the bumper has the littlest little dent on it, and the other car had no damage). They didn't even exchange any information. While he's being yelled at, I don't get out of the car and let him be punished for something I did. When he gets back in and starts driving, he's gripping the steering wheel so hard that the veins on his arms are popping out. His entire face is red and he hasn't said anything to me. To try and break the tension a little, I say "Well, that could've gone a lot worse." As soon as I say that, he stomps on the breaks and just tells me to get out of his sight, in the angriest voice imaginable. I've never felt afraid of him, but in that moment I did. He looked like he was struggling not to hurt me. I got out and he sped off. It was starting to get dark and I was in a stretch of woods. It took almost an hour for me to walk home, but when I got there him and all his stuff was gone.

I feel so horrible. I cant even apologize to him because he hasn't been responding to my calls and texts. We've had fights before about my childish quirks when they go a little bit too far, and now I don't have a boyfriend anymore because of it. I've been getting texts like "Wtf" and "What the hell is wrong with you" from our friends so I think he's told them what happened. 

It seems like everybody's mad at me. Is there any way to fix this? How can I apologize to them when all our friends are siding with him?



My (26F) husband’s (28M) friend (29F) sent him a text saying “look at your other phone ;)”… he doesn’t have another phone.
Basically, what the title says.

Yesterday my husband fell asleep on the couch with his phone on his chest. As he turned over the phone dropped. I went to pick it up to make sure he hadn’t accidentally cracked the screen and the phone lit up with a text from his friend Amber which read “look at your other phone ;)”, there was also a second text which said “goodnight xxx”. I put the phone back down on the ground because I didn’t want him to know I had seen it.

When he woke up, he was looking frantically for his phone and when I told him it fell, he looked relieved as soon as he picked it up. He started smiling when he replied to his messages. When we went to bed, I sat up all night waiting to see if he would take out this mysterious second phone, but he just went to sleep straight away and never woke up again in the night.

Is there a reasonable explanation for this? Did she accidentally text the wrong person? Do I confront my husband? Snoop? What the hell is going on?

TL;DR – Husband’s friend sent a suspicious text, now I’m questioning if he has a second phone.

**UPDATE:** So I looked everywhere for a second phone (house and car) and I couldn't find anything anywhere. My husband was in the shower so I checked his phone to make sure I saw the message correctly and it was gone. I'm really confused.



I (32 F) work overnights. My father-in-law (60s M) keeps bad mouthing me and telling everyone I'm lazy. I'm afraid people are starting to buy it.
I work overnights in a very demanding medical field. My sleep schedule has always been nocturnal, so this feels more natural to me than working days and brings my stress down.  My husband is gone 5 days out of the week as a truck driver, and my days off are the same days he's home thanks to my seniority, and we are both night owls during this period.

My mother-in-law recently passed away, so my father-in-law sold everything and moved to where we were and has been included in my family events. At Christmas, my brother pulled me aside to let me know that my father-in-law is telling anyone who will listen that I am lazy because I 'sleep all day.'

I work 12-24 hour shifts at my job during the days I am working. The only reason I get my days off to align with my husband is the seniority I have, and even then I often have to work when he's home.

I've now noticed that, along with him calling me, I am starting to miss calls around 2 or 3 pm from family members who know I am home and are asking me to do things for them during the day. I am usually asleep by noon and have to be up for work around 8 or 9 pm. I've sat these people down to explain that I am an overnight emergency worker and that I need my sleep.

My husband sat my father-in-law down and explained to him what I do, how I need my sleep, and that he's being a jerk. My father-in-law maintains that a real job doesn't have overnights. I don't want to have to cut contact with him because we are the only family he has left. My husband stands behind me and says if I want to cut him out even just to let him have a time out, he's game.

I also don't know how to address my whole family about this. My Mom combats it as much as possible, but his way of thinking is starting to permeate them, too.

TL;DR: I am emergency medical personnel that works 3rd shift. My father in law thinks I'm lazy and is starting to infect some of my family with that idea. How do I combat this?  


Edit: Thank you for all the comments. I wasn't expecting this to blow up. I posted it and went to sleep, thinking I'd have a few good replies. I'm on PTO for the next few days, so I will be taking some of this advice and talking to the problematic folks.



I (17m) just found out that my sister (35) is actually my mother.
Update: [https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship\_advice/comments/hoi00p/update\_i\_17m\_just\_found\_out\_that\_my\_sister\_35\_is/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hoi00p/update_i_17m_just_found_out_that_my_sister_35_is/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x)

Sorry if this is super long...

My sister wasn't around much when I was growing up because she was in college then medical school. She'd visit on holidays and the weekends if she wasn't busy. Whenever she'd visit she would spend a lot of time with me and she'd take me places, buy me things and give me advice when I needed it. I always felt like I could tell her anything and she wouldn't judge me for it. She never really got along with our parents and I never knew what it was about but they would argue often and there was always a lot of tension around them. My parents were very loving and we get along so no issues there.

When she started dating her now  husband she spent less time with me and she would come over less often. 5 years ago she got married to the guy.  I don't like him at all. He's like an overgrown frat guy and he's always teasing me or saying dumb shit, he can never read the room. I've spoken to my sister about it but she says that it's just his way of bonding with people and that he means well and is a nice guy. He's been a pain in the ass for 5 years and just when I was going to give him a chance he fucked it up.

My sister and her husband came over for dinner two nights ago and were going to sleep over because they live 2 hours away. He took that as an opportunity to drink as much as he wanted. He's already insufferable when sober so drunk him is even worse. My sister and I were catching up because it's been a while and I was telling her how I would like to go into the medical field like her. Jackass husband then comes in saying that it's great that I want to follow in my mom's footsteps. My mom has never worked in the medical field so I was confused and thought he was just being dumb but my sister's face went so pale and my parents were very quiet. I just looked at my sister and could tell that it wasn't just a dumb comment. I locked myself in my room and didn't come out until the next day. There was a lot of yelling and I just learned something huge so I didn' want to deal with it.

When I finally decided to leave the room I saw that my sister was sitting right outside the door and that jerk was gone. I asked her wtf was going on and told her not to lie to me or I'll never speak to her again. She told me that she got pregnant in her senior year of high school and the guy cut all contact with her. She wanted to keep me and our parents were fully supportive of her. She found out that she got into her dream school but she would have to either give up the school or give me up. She couldn't choose so she decided to keep both. She spoke to our parents about it and the plan was to have them take care of me while she's in school and when can she will take me back. I was supposed to grow up knowing that she is my mom but because she was so busy and stressed out she didn't think that she could handle motherhood. Our parents noticed that she was pulling away so they adopted me and raised me as theirs. She said that she was young and dumb at the time so she agreed with the adoption.  She said that she thought of dropping out and taking me back so many times but thought I was better off without her as a mom.

As the years went by she saw less reason to tell me since I was doing good and was being well taken care of. She started crying and telling me that she regrets her decision and wants to be my mom even though I'm almost an adult she wants us to start over as mother and son. I told her I'd think about it and then she left. I went to speak to my parents. They told me that they did everything for me because they love me and I'm not obligated to leave now that I know. They said that things don't have to change if I don't want them to. It seemed more like they didn't want things to change.

I feel like my whole life is a lie. I know that I was well taken care of and I don't want to seem ungrateful but I was lied to my whole life. I don't see myself calling my sister "mom" and living life as if everything is ok. My parents are the ones who raised me so how could I just leave them like that. On the other hand if I don't decide to go with my sister she might feel like I'm rejecting her or that I hate her and after 17 years she might really give up on me. I'm so torn and feel betrayed. I can't believe that I found out from that asshole. That makes me even more mad.  I feel like I have to pick a side I don't know how to do that. I kinda just wanna run away and forget about all of this. Everyone is kinda leaving it up to me and I don't even know what I want for breakfast on a good day.

How do I approach this without everyone getting hurt?



My (27/F) cousin (27/F) confessed that she was in love with my husband (29/F). She’s currently living with us and I have no idea how to act.
opps I made a typo in the title sorry! I meant husband (29/M)\*\*

Literally what the title says.

My cousin has been living with us for the past four months along with her toddler so she can save up to get her own place. Yesterday, whilst my husband was out, she asked me if we could talk. I thought she was going to ask me if she could stay a little while longer (the original plan was for 6 months) but instead she gave me a long speech about how she was in love with my husband, how she tried to make the feelings go away but they keep getting stronger and how she thinks he might be her soulmate. She kept apologizing but said that when she sees him with her son, she knows her family is complete and he could offer her and her son the stability they need. I was honestly so shocked I just  said “Uh, I need time to process this”. I’ve been avoiding her since, my husband has been holed up in his office working so he hasn’t noticed anything weird yet. I think I’m still reeling from the shock.

I can’t even ask her to move out because her family disowned her when she had a baby out of wedlock. I haven’t told anyone in real life yet either because I know they’re all just going to tell me to kick her out but I can’t make my nephew homeless during a pandemic.

What do I do?

TL;DR – my cousin, who is staying with us for another two months, thinks my husband is her soulmate. I have no idea how to act around her now. Help.

Edit: I wrote it in the comments already but just to add she claims she's had these feelings for at least 4 years and they've just grown so strong recently that she couldn't keep it in anymore. Also, her son is 18 months!

UPDATE: I spoke to my husband. He was shocked and a little uncomfortable. He apologised and said he didn't mean to give her the wrong impression. Neither of us are quite sure what we're going to do yet since he also doesn't want to leave my nephew homeless. We're discussing it. I wasn't going to update until we'd solved the issue but literally every comment is telling me to tell him so just to let you guys know I have!!



My (20F) sister's (28F) behaviour towards my boyfriend (21M) is horrendous.
This is going to be long. I'm warning you. I'm angry. I'm frustrated and I'm shaking. I need to write it down and hear some advice.

My sis is just so creepy towards my bf. I can't take it anymore. She was really spoiled by my parents when she was young because she was their first child. She always WANTS everything and when we were little, she always used to steal my toys/books/clothes etc. I was never allowed to touch any of her things but she constantly stole my stuff and was always rude to me. My mom for some reason has always preferred her over me and thus, most of the time, I was told to let it go.

Due to this, I have lots of resentment towards her and I don't really like her. I'm honestly sick of her behaviour, and I just want some peace and quiet in my house. 

My mom called me two weeks ago, pleading to let my sis stay with me because she doesn't have a job right now and she can't stay alone during quarantine. Both my parents are high risk. My mom has heart problems and my dad is asthmatic. So I thought I should let her stay with me and my bf instead of letting her go to my parents in case she infects them. There's been a few cases where she is so I didn't want to risk it.

Now I'm honestly starting to regret it. Her behaviour is creepy and strange and downright disgusting. First of all, she doesn't respect me at all. She's constantly ignoring me while having long talks with my boyfriend. She doesn't leave my boyfriend alone!

She flirts with him and constantly tries to touch him by using cheap tricks. When we watch movies, she pushes me away and tries to snuggle with my boyfriend. She slaps his butt when he walks by and loudly tells him how he has a "perky little butt" She also runs her fingers through his hair everyday saying "Whoaaa your hair is so soft" or some shit like that. WHAT THE FUCK. 

These are all just excuses to touch him. She just needs a chance. Another thing she does is ask him if he has abs so she can touch his torso. Or say "did you see this thing I lost, maybe it's in your pocket let me see" and proceed to pat his thighs. 

One time she wanted help with hooking her bra and she just fucking walks out in her underwear. She came to our room and my boyfriend was in the bathroom. The logical thing to do is just fucking ask ME I'm her sister! But what does she do? She just waits for my boyfriend and asks him instead even though I'm sitting right there!

I think I looked VERY upset because my boyfriend just told her no and she went back to her room. She didn't try that again.

This is not even all. My boyfriend and I can't even talk to each other without her interrupting us. She barges into our room with no warning. A few days ago, we were trying to have sex and I don't know how the fuck she realized it and starting banging on the door claiming to have a headache. 

I opened the door and asked her what was wrong. I told her I had pills for it but she just said she doesn't trust me and she wanted to talk to my boyfriend instead. After disturbing us, she was suddenly completely fine and her headache disappeared miraculously. She just came into our bedroom and started talking to my boyfriend. We were literally half naked and there was no way she didn't know! 

This is driving me crazy. What does she want? Why is she like this? It's not like I didn't talk to her. I was so angry she interrupted us because she has been doing this since she came here. I was feeling horny and angry. I just told her to get out and that we needed some alone time. I don't want to go into details but we had a small argument and she started crying. 

The thing is she never accepts it! She's completely blind to what she's doing. She denies doing it and sheds tears which ends up making me feel bad instead.

My boyfriend is so uncomfortable by all of this. He just looks exhausted all the time. He's trying his best to be nice but she's all over him all the time. He's usually very introverted/shy/quiet. He's not very confrontational and I know this is bothering him. When I talked to him about it, he just commented that it was a bad idea to invite her to stay here. He also said not to invite her ever again.

I want to know why she is like this. How can I make her see what she's doing? I'm done dealing with her. I don't want to see her ever again, but she's my parents' favourite child and no matter how hard I try, I can never escape her. Whenever I try to cut contacts with her, my mom calls me and begs me to forgive her. My mom doesn't want to see her daughters fighting with each other and she always says how she wants us to be together forever.

But I can't do this. How am I supposed to deal with this? Can someone please tell me. My mom is always taking my sister's side in everything and it's always me who has to be "understanding" and "smart" and "older" when I'M THE YOUNGER ONE HERE!

Please tell me I'm not overreacting. How do I make my mom and sister realize that I'm sick of dealing with this? 

TL;DR : my sis tries to flirt with bf and keeps touching him all over the place. she doesn't accept that what she's doing is wrong and i'm sick of her behaviour. how do I deal with this?



My (26F) fiancé (27M) left me for his “one that got away” four years ago. They’ve divorced and he wants to get back together.
My fiancé broke our engagement off when his high school girlfriend moved to our city. They quickly got engaged, married and had a baby before it had even been a year. I was so blindsided and hurt, I don’t think I ever really got over my ex which is why I’m making this post to get some outside insight. 

My ex reached out a few days ago to “catch up”. He claimed he regretted breaking up with me two months after he did but because his ex-wife was pregnant at the time, he felt he owed it to his son to try and make it work. He said their relationship quickly fell apart when he realized his ex wasn’t looking for a life partner but someone to financially support her. He said the financial issues is what finally led to their divorce. They’ve been divorced for 6 months and have two children together. According to him, his ex regularly tries to get back together with him, but he doesn’t want her.

He ended up asking me if I was willing to give him a second chance. 

In some ways, my ex has become my “one who got away” and I probably would’ve jumped at the chance to get back with him a few months ago. However, I’ve recently been talking to this guy and whilst we aren’t official or anything, we did go on a date two weeks ago which went really well. I feel like it could progress into something good and I don’t know if my ex is worth losing it over. 

I’d appreciate any advice on what to do in this situation. 

TL;DR – My ex left me for his “one that got away”. Four years and two kids later, they’re now divorced. My ex claims he regretted leaving me two months after he did but felt like he had to stay for the sake of his unborn child. He now wants a second chance, but I’ve met someone knew who seems like a great person. I don’t know what to do.



I (28M) with fiance (27F) about a month ago overheard her tell a friend her previous Ex was the best lover she ever had
It was quite by accident that I heard this.  We had a group of our friends over and as the night went on we all kind of busted out into little groups.  Some of us were in one room playing Texas Holdem and a couple of others were watching a Lord of the Ring marathon.  I thought she was watching the movies but she and one of her close friends were actually sitting in the kitchen drinking coffee and talking.  Our group had run out of soda so I got up to go to the kitchen to get drinks and  a couple of snacks.  As I'm rounding the corner I hear my fiance talking and before I completely come in the room I hear her clearly say "Jason is great but he will never be the lover that Bill was" she then followed it up with "Its not really fair to Jason though, Bill was just really gifted down there".

At first I thought about just walking back into the card game and pretending like we didn't have any extra soda or food but I decided to kind of make a noise and go in.  Her friend caught eye of me rounding the corner and I could see her make a face to my fiance letting her know I was there.  Of course she has no idea I heard her and she just stops talking to her and asks me how I'm doing and if I'm having fun.  I was tempted to say something like "I'm having as much fun as someone who is not gifted down there can" but I didn't.  I just said yes and proceeded to get my stuff and go back and finish the night.  I just acted like nothing was wrong the rest of the night and went to bed.

Needless to say it fucked me up.  I mean fucked me up bad.  I've never been jealous or what you would call insecure about myself until that moment.  I couldn't sleep that night and I went through a myriad of emotions while laying there.  At first I was angry.  Then I was humiliated.  Then I was depressed.  Then I was angry again.

Look I realize that the male ego seems stupid to women and even guys who are totally self assured.  I would have agreed with most of this prior to that night but once it has been damaged it is a bitch.

I tried to hide any form of emotion about it or ever let her know but as the days went on I just kept getting worse and worse.  I was avoiding her at all costs and while she was suspicious she didn't really say anything.  That is until she attempted to be intimate with me a few days later and I flat out rejected her.  It wasn't by a conscious decision on my part  by the way.  I had made the decision on my own to just try and get over it and move on.  But in the moment instead of being sexually aroused I felt deeply inadequate and ashamed.  Nothing was happening no matter how much either of us tried.

She asked me what was wrong and I just told her I must have been stressed from work but she would not believe that or let it go.

So much to my humiliation there I laid, naked in bed, unable to get an erection.  I came clean and told her what I heard.

Well this did not go over well at all.  At first she tried to tell me I did not hear her correctly.  But I just repeated to her verbatim what she had told her friend.  Well once she couldn't deny it she then tried to apologize and to her credit she tried to listen to my feelings on the matter.  Which once again I am sure was more of a big turn off for her because I was a wreck emotionally.

She tried to tell me how much of a better person I was and how I satisfied her and she wanted nobody else.  But all I could hear was Charlie Browns teacher noise.

It's been almost a month and I have zero desire to be with her sexually.  None.  She is now getting frustrated about this as well but no matter what I have tried I just can not get past this.  It's not like she said we were both good lovers or anything like that.  She clearly said he was far superior and my guess is that being gifted down there means he was significantly larger than me as well.  Well I know I can do all kinds of things with my hands, tongue and whatever else.  But no matter what I do I can't grow in size.  Obviously she refuses to talk about that with me saying that no matter what she say's it will only make things worse because even if she say's something positive about me I won't believe her.  She's most likely right.

Some back story here.  He dumped her.  It was not a mutual breakup, he flat out dumped her and broke her heart.  I know this because early on in our relationship she told me this.  She said she wasn't ready to be serious about anybody because her previous ex left her and emotionally broke her.  So this is not a case of me even being able to say "well she's with me because she wants to be".  If he hadn't dumped her she would never have left him.  Now I have no idea if after all of these years she would leave me for him if he would come back but I don't think she would.

I just don't know what to do here.  I can feel myself checking out of the relationship.  I know this is petty as shit but hearing the person you love tell someone else they prefer to have sex with someone else is just devastating to me.  Her telling me all of my other good qualities has only made it worse because she is saying things that I think appeal to her and maybe other women but being told I am a good provider and will make a great husband makes me feel like shit.  Like what would happen if I lost my good paying job or better yet what if I were to get injured and couldn't make anything more than state assistance, would she be there to support and help me?  Basically what I feel like right now is a really good friend who she just allowed to have sex with.  I know in my head that this is not correct but in my heart that is what I feel.

I'm sorry for the length here and I don't even know what I am asking here.  I am totally lost and if this continues I just think I am going to break our engagement.

tl;dr:  heard fiance tell her friend that previous ex was superior in the sack (presumable due to size among other things), relationship has gone to hell since and I need advice.

&#x200B;

EDIT:  Holy God.  I made this post last night and answered a couple of questions and then went to bed and got up today and went Christmas shopping hoping to make me forget my troubles and didn't even log in until just now.  I have not even started to read the (at this point) 7.7 thousand comments on this post.  I don't know what anyone has said yet but thank you all for commenting either way.  I am now going to begin the massive undertaking of looking at the comments.  Also thank you for the Gold and Silver kind internet strangers.

EDIT 2:  Dear God.  I read all the way down to the bottom of the page thinking I had gotten through most of everything and then at the bottom it said load the 5.5K more posts.  I'm stopping for the night (well morning actually).   I was going to respond to people individually but there is just no way.  I haven't even started reading the direct messages to me yet nor have I opened any of the 20 chat screens.  There are issues I want out there because there are a couple of things that are being said that are not accurate.

1.  She was to use the Barney Gumble phrase using "sweet sweet drunk talk".  In other words her and her friend were drunk while talking.  Nope, neither of us drink.  We don't even have it in the house.
2. That I am upset she told her friend.  Well this is an odd thing, before I posted this honestly I wasn't that upset about this part.  I was then and am still far more upset that this is how she feels.  However now reading a lot of the post I have become somewhat aggravated that she did share this with her friend.  I would never say anything about her to anyone that would put her in a lesser light.
3. That I am an insecure man child who should just man up and learn to do better.  Well I'm certain the first part is true, being insecure and all.  But the last part is just out of my control.  No matter what I do I will only ever be 7" long.  We have talked about this btw, when she was trying to build me up.  She said that I was already great with everything but the one thing I can't control. (Okay, so I gave myself about a half inch to feel better)
4. No I'm not going to do anything rash.  It's already been a month so its not like this happened last week.  But yes I have to decide what I am going to do here before long.  It's not fair to either of us is I am just coasting through this and no longer committed.
5. She is sorry that I heard it.  She said she is sorry she said it but at the end of the day she would not be sorry if I didn't catch her saying it.  It is what it is.  But yes I do believe she is regretting it because she has basically been a mess since I first told her.  Me not wanting to be with her is bothering her a lot according to her.  I don't know how much of that I believe but right now I guess I don't know why she would lie.  It really has wrecked hell on our Christmas spirit this year I know that. 

EDIT 3:  Engineer for those who keep asking what I do for a living.  She is a paralegal.  
EDIT 4:  People have been asking about the relationship with the ex and how I know she was heartbroken.  We met about 9 months after they separated.  I know that ultimately he wanted to be with someone else, although she has claimed he never cheated.  He just ended things so he could be with another woman.  She approached me at a local workshop and we started dating .  On our 4th date when things started to get physical she broke down crying about the ex.  It was certainly weird to hold someone while they cried about someone else but I did it.  We sporadically dated for a couple more months in which time I never tried to cross any boundaries physically because it was obvious she wasn't over him so while we just went out of dates I tried to keep myself of the mind that we were just friends because I didn't want to commit either.  After close to two months she drags me from my car to her apartment and begins to tell me how much she has appreciated my patience with her and how she felt stupid about dragging me along for so long.  Obviously that was our first night together.  Within 3 months of that she is telling me that she loves me.  So yes, she was still hung up on her ex for fact when we got together.  I had thought/hoped she was over him before this happened.

EDIT 5:  Okay I posted it below in the mass of other posts but I have also started a new post and hopefully the mods let it stay open.  https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/a55jy1/posting_general_response_here_i_28m_with_fiance/?





My bf says I need to lose weight even though I already lost 30lbs
I(22f) live with my bf(26) who calls me fat even though I weighed 130lbs before I started dieting and exercising.

Even at 100lbs he still insists that I’m not losing enough and that he isn’t as attracted to me as he used to be. I’m trying my best to lose weight but I think losing any more is a bad idea as I’m very skinny now. It’s upsetting when he claims that I’m overweight all of the time even though I completely cut out junk food from my diet and jog for at least an hour a day.

I don’t think losing anymore is safe for me, how should I expect this to my bf

Edit:I’m 5ft

Edit2:I asked out of curiosity how much he wanted me to weigh and he to,d me around 70-80lbs



My wife cheating on our 10 year anniversary
Tl;Dr yesterday was our 10 year anniversary. Brought flowers to wifes office. Found some guy nuzzling her neck and her giggling.

Yup. Tl;Dr  says it all. My (35m) wife (35f) and I were married ten years ago yesterday. She has been working on a big project for the last few months. The last 4 weeks or so she has been putting in extra time, staying late going in early, to finish up by deadline. This is a career maker for her.

 I work construction. With the rain we have had we have crazy hours trying to make up time that we missed. So I work 12 hrs on the days its nice, sometimes a little longer. If its raining when I get up I dont go in. Somedays we get sent home when it starts, too dangerous. I usually hit the gym for an hour or two. Thursday we started at 6am ,midmorning starts to rain hard. We go home. I go to the gym as usual. I cut the workout short and head downtown to see wife Mehgan, to give her flowers and make plans for dinner that night if possible. We really havent seen much of each other this week. I went to bed about 9pm she wasnt home, called earlier me she is working late. Not unusual for past month. 

I stopped and got some flowers and went into her building about 12:30. Nichole was at the receptionist desk. I told her I got here later than I wanted could she put the flowers on Mehgans desk. She said "I dont think they went to lunch yet why not drop them off yourself?" She buzzed the door to get back to the offices. The place was deserted. I went to her office, the door was closed . I always walk in unless the receptionist tells me she is in a meeting. I walk in some guy is standing behind her nuzzling her neck, she is reaching back over his head. She is giggling only as she can. Saying"we got to get this done".  I am gut punched. I slammed the flowers down said "Happy Anniversary" and walked out. I didnt hear what she said just went past Nichole said goodbye and left. Made it to elevators and out the building then my phone started ringing.

I balled my eyes out all the way home. Went into garage pulled my camping gear out of the rafters and took off. I drove about 2 hours to a State Park. I had no idea what to do . I just had to run. I hiked a trail we  have been on in the past about a 3 hour hike. I dont drink much so I had no booze, I just sat there thinking. Looking back I am glad I was in a rush, normally I bring a 45cal. With me camping, we have black bears, which generally scare off, but get aggressive if hungary or cubs around. The way I was feeling I might have ate the barrel that night. My phone was blowing up fom Mehgan so I had turned it off. I left the park to get reception turned it on to see my good friend called. I called him back. He said Meghan called him to check on me, make sure I didnt do anything stupid. We talked a bit, told him I got to think this thru, would catch up on Friday.

So while I am thinking about this, I go over our marriage from the beginning to see what I missed. We come from completely opposite backgrounds. My Grandfather raised me with my mom. He taught me about life. He had a little saying about everyhing. He told me marriage would be the hardest job ZI ever had, you had to work on it everyday. God I miss him. We did not have much,heard mom and grandpa having many discussions about bills. They worked hard and my brother and I did not miss out on anything we knew of.

Mehgan was born into money. Not overly rich but very comfortable. Went to a great college, always great clothes, new car etc. And she is beautiful 11/10 beautiful. I would joke with her if she coughed about the silver spoon getting stuck in her throat.  We met hit off started dating. I was dumbfounded how such a woman would ever be with me. We dated quite awhile before she told me about her parents and life style. Our friends called us the model couple, because they thought we were so good looking we had to be models. Families were not as kind, afraid of the differences economically would come into play. Her dad and I started to get along but her my mom took some convincing. 

She graduates gets her first job, we plan on getting married. We work out between us that we would expose each other to our lives that we live. I took her white water rafting, she took me to the symphony, we went ziplining, we went to an art opening etc. We agreed we had to experience the others interests. She was really enthused about the more physical things we did. I kinda like the symphony and such. I own two tuxes now.

I look back and do not see any red flags. Her first two jobs she quit because the men all tried to get in her pants. She was paraded out in front for photo ops. Invited to conferences when other newbies were not. At dinner at a conference a partner tried to get her drunk, then tried to force himself into her room that night. She quit, the next job the same thing, quit again . This 3rd job has women as some of the partners and none of that bs is in her workplace. She seems very happy. We seemed very happy. 

So now, Friday, I am home. I called her. Asked where she was, back at work. I being in a smartass mood said that the marriage is taking second place to her job. She responded since I would not talk what was she to do? Fair enough. She will be home in an hour. So I wait. I want to save our marriage. If I am lacking in providing then I want to fix it. I want to ask why of course but I can not accept  a IDK answer. How do I phrase this? What else should I be asking? I know I will get all emotional and forget everything so over the next few days we will be going over and over this.  What she did is wrong but please no degrading comments, she is still my wife. Thank you in advance.



Engagement ring/breakup fund
[update] Thank you all!! I appreciate the traction this silly post gained. Your responses have more that assured me that I’ve got something here. I got back from my parent’s 25th anniversary party my sisters and I put on today and the post blew up. I hope to some day be half as close with someone as my parents! 

I did my best to get through all the comments and reply/upvote where appropriate. Have an amazing day everyone!
****

Whenever I start a new relationship I start putting away 50 dollars a month in a savings account. I’m a big romantic so I intend on using this money, in the event this girl is “the one”, towards an engagement ring far down the road. Subsequently, if the relationship turns goes bad and ends in a breakup, I cash out the savings and splurge on myself as part of my healing and moving on phase. Is this idea brilliant or am I putting too much attention on these extremes?



I [M 32] ruined Christmas and I have no regrets.
Is anyone else’s family this dysfunctional? Every year there is an argument in my family and after 32 years I was the one who blew up for the first time. 

Long story short, i’m half-Korean/half-white. My mom is Korean. My dad side is white. So we only have my Dad’s side here in the US. For years, I watched my some of my dad’s side speak down to my mom. They never invite her to things. Me and my brother have always been treated like outsiders by some family members. To be frank, I don’t care how i’m treated. Every year, we always bite our tongues and survive the holidays because it’s only 2-3 times a year. We repeat the process and don’t expect much from these family members. My mom even buys gifts every year for these family members, she gets nothing in return and never complains. My white Grandma is 80 and she’s the only thing anchoring us to some of these family members.

Three times today I watched a family member (Aunt) raise her voice to my mom, speak to her as if she doesn’t speak english and shut her down over simple questions like “where should I sit?”. I watched my mom quietly recoil and I couldn’t stand to see it again. This aunt does it the most and I finally blew up. I yelled so loud everyone stopped what they were doing. I told them enough is enough, to start treating my mom with respect and as an equal in this house. To stop speaking to my mom (who’s lived in the US for 35 years) like she doesn’t speak english and stop shutting her down over simple questions. I watched it happen year after year and will not allow it to happen anymore.  

My Aunt stomped away and was so upset she left. As she was leaving I walked up to my aunt to hand her my mom’s yearly gift to her. I said  “for 30 years I watched my mom give you a gift every year. I watched her speak to you as an equal with respect. I’ve never seen you treat her with the same”.  She didn’t say anything but before she left, she apologized to my mom. 

Before I left, I apologized to everyone and explained why I was upset. Everyone was shocked how mad I got. I felt like everyone understood why I was mad.  Prior to this (around thanksgiving) I spoke to some family members about how I was hurt they never included my mom on family things or even texts about family emergencies. Which they have been trying to do more. 

After blowing up, it made things awkward. People trickled out early too. Now my grandma is talking about not doing Christmas anymore due to the constant family drama. I feel bad, but i’ve never felt so proud to stand up for my mom. Does anyone have any advice on this? Handling rude family?  Should I do something else? 


[Edit 12/26/2018: typos, wordiness and update below]

Mom’s reaction: On the car ride home my mom expressed some words about my aunt which she never does about anyone. She’s always taken the high road it’s a very Korean Christian mom approach. My mom’s method of being a pacifist is very much an older Immigrant/Korean/boomer approach too. It’s taught me a valuable skill in life. I don’t regret picking my battles and that’s why i’m so appreciative of being Korean/white. After we left, she gave me a very long mom hug. She didn’t say anything and asked me if I wanted my favorite Korean dish. 

Where is my dad: He was in the other room. Yes, my dad could have done more over the last 35 years. He’s gotten in arguments with everyone my whole life including this aunt. We’d be fighting every year with someone new if we didn’t pick our battles. We would have stopped going years ago but mom wants to go out of respect for my grandma. My dad is the only one who isn’t petty about dumb shit. Defending my mom is everyone’s responsibility not just my dad. Including my grandma, aunts, other family and me. As soon as I got loud my dad came into the room and stood guard (I can’t describe it). There wasn’t much for him to say or do because he didn’t hear it. I was quick to unload and my aunt immediately walked away because she was embarrassed. My white side has a “keep grandma” happy approach which is dumb. For years my dad would be on the verge of saying things and my mom would demand that he didn’t. 

Me: Reflecting on this as a whole. I can’t believe the response. It shows you everyone has screwed up family in some way. After Thanksgiving I started to speak to family one on one which has had good response. I have no relationship with this aunt. I should have pulled her aside even as the nephew who’s 30 years younger. A small part of me regrets it and will be glad to sit down with her still. If she’s not willing to try or work it out (like the other people responded), “F*ck her”.  Please don’t use my experience as a reason to blow up on anyone. I should have tried to speak and I did what I felt was right, I don’t regret it.. Grandma’s 80th Bday is in two months.  I can’t wait for that to be awkward. Someone made the comment that people cant be educated until you give them a chance to be aware of their actions, which is fair. Regardless people will now think twice to be rude to my mom. Cheers and have a Happy New Years!

[Update 12/25/19][ (Here)](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/efnn56/update_i_m_32_ruined_christmas_and_i_have_no/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) 
 
TLDR: After 32 years I finally blew up on a rude family member who disrespects my Korean mom and feeling liberated for standing up for something I’ve been feeling for years. How do people handle their dysfunctional family when your last grandparent is alive. Should I do something for blowing up?



I found out that my bf posted a video online of him fingering me while I’m asleep
I(21f) and my bf(26m) live together and I bought him a video camera for his birthday since he wanted to start a YouTube channel.

I take sleeping meds to fall asleep so I’m kind of hard to wake up. Last night I woke up to find my bf with his fingers inside me while holding the camera. I ask him why he’s doing this and he tells me not worry about it. The meds were still in effect so I wasn’t really aware how wrong this was at the time.

This morning I noticed that he left the computer on and I realized that one of the windows was for a porn site. I remember what happened last night and get worried that he posted the video. Sure enough he did and several people have already seen it.

I’m so humiliated right now I don’t know what to do

Edit:quit asking me to link the video



My (47M) son's (24M) wife (23F) says he raped her. He has a different story.
The two of them have been together for 4 years and have been married for 1 with three kids (3F & 3F & 3M). 

In the very early hours of this morning, I hear someone calling me name from the gate. Get up, look outside and see my daughter in law standing outside with a bag and a pram holding my grandchildren. I obviously let her in and ask what's wrong. She didn't want to talk so I gave her space and took the kids to sleep in my room. I woke up at around 6 and she was still up. She couldn't get a hold of her parents so she finally decided to tell me what was going on. She says she was feeling sick and didn't want to have sex with my son but he pushed her and ended up just raping her against her protests. She thinking of opening a case which I support. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. 

Shortly afterwards I check my phone I notice I got a call from my son last night and again this morning so I called him. He was also crying and I could barely hear him but eventually he calmed down and told me he almost hit her. He says all day yesterday she was giggling and chatting on her phone with a guy she says is a friend. They argued and then left it. At night curiosity got to him and he went throught he phone and found out that she was sending nudes to some guy. He got angry, grabbed her and shook her to wake her up and got into an argument again. He threw her phone on the floor and almost hit her. She then packed up and left with the kids.

I haven't told him that she's with me because I don't know what to do. I don't want to be involved but I already am. My daughter doesn't believe her at all and says I should kick her out. I don't know. Either way he was wrong. What now?

1st Update: 

I asked her about the infidelity and she says it's all nonsense. She's now at the hospital to see what she can do and then she's going to the police station.

I've told my son that they are here and that she's opening a case. I'm not good at reading people but he did seem surprised at her story and so was she at his story. I've warned him about an upcoming trial and suggested he calls a lawyer which he says he will.

2nd Update: they're both going with their stories and are both very firm in it and are gathering evidence on both sides. I have asked my DIL if I could take her to a friend or to her family and she understood. I'm still keeping the kids with me (on her request). 

And as much as I'd love to update more specifically on what's happening, I can't but I do appreciate all the comments and have/will read them all



I (26f) confessed to my best friend (26m) and was rejected, a week later he says he was wrong and has actually loved me all along, what do I do?
Update at the end!! (I originally posted this under a throwaway account, but that account didn’t start with ThrowRA as per subreddit rules)

I finally built up the courage to confess to my best friend that I had feelings for him for the past two years.  He was really nice about it and let me down gently but in no uncertain terms.  It was a hard pill to swallow, but I accepted this and I told him I’d need some time to just get back to the right head space.  I took a week to separate myself from him and let myself recover and rebuild my self esteem, but I made sure to tell him there’s no hard feelings, I just need the space.  
Fast forward to today, I ran into him and decided to talk to him and apologize for putting him in an uncomfortable position but that I accept his feelings and I’m ready to keep continue our relationship as friends.  Except... he tells me that he took that week to think too, and he thinks he’s actually loved me for a long time but that he was too dense to recognize his own feelings until now.  
I feel like I should be elated, but for some reason my heart just really hurts.  I feel confused and unsure of what to believe.  For all the time I’ve known him, he’s never been the type to play with someone else’s feelings and has never given me any reason to think he’s lying to me now about how he feels towards me, but I don’t understand how someone can just go from having no romantic feelings towards someone to saying they’ve loved them all along in such a short time.  I feel like I’ve been asked to tear out a piece of my heart, sew it shut, and now suddenly open that same wound to put everything back the way it was!  
Should I just accept his feelings now?  Should I be wary of this?  I feel like this should be such an easy decision and yet, I just feel so confused!

UPDATE: Thank you all for all of your advice and kind comments! We met in person to talk things through and I asked him what changed.  He told me that the truth was that he’d never really felt romantically interested in anyone else before, so he genuinely didn’t really know how to distinguish a best friend from something more.  I know he’s never had a relationship before, he’s never expressed a romantic interest in anyone else, and never seemed to express a sexual attraction to someone else, so this seems to line up from what I know of him.

I asked him then how he knew for sure that he liked me as more than a friend.  He said he’d never felt this way towards anyone else: never felt nervous butterflies just wanting to see them, never felt a strange jealousy when another guy was trying to hit on them, and never felt his heart race when he accidentally brushed hands with them.  

I told him that I wanted to make sure he wasn’t confusing any guilt he may feel for turning me down for love.  He said that if he wanted to pity me he would have just said yes the first time.  

He apologized again for confusing and hurting me and said that if I still needed time he’d be willing to wait, take things slow, and keep talking more until I could figure my feelings out.  I told him I didn’t need more time to know how I felt, because I never really stopped loving him even if I had pushed those feelings down as far as I could.  I told him that I wanted to take things slow, but I wanted to do so as more than just friends.  

We talked for a while, he even told me how he actually had come to the park planning to confess and ask me out, but when he heard me apologize to him and say that I was ready to just be friends he realized it might be better to take things slow.  

Of course, at the end of all this I just sort of happy/relief cried like a dork and he just pulled me close and hugged me (though he had some happy tears himself)! We’re planning to order some food from one of our favorite restaurants and have a picnic date at the same park next week!



I (21F) found a hidden camera in my house. I suspect my SIL (26F) put it there to watch me while I babysit my nephew (1M). What do I do?
I babysit my 1 year old nephew from 7am-8pm Mon-Fri for free because a) I love my brother and nephew and b) I'm already a SAHM for my 5mo daughter and adding another kid isn't a big deal for me, I have everything he needs already at home and I love kids. 

The spare room in my apt has been transformed into a playroom with floor mats, exersaucers, toys, a nap cot, etc and that is where my daughter and nephew spend most of their time playing and napping. There is also a tv in there, and today semi hidden behind the tv I found a weird circular object with a lens in it. After some googling I found that it was a small hidden wifi enabled camera that live streams to an app. I flipped my shit, called my fiance and asked him if it was his. He vehemently denied it and suggested I called the police and explain to them that I need a bug check. The only other person with regular access to my home and the playroom in particular would be my SIL; she drops nephew off in the morning and picks him up after work, and Bro and our parents only come on the weekends. I suspect the camera was placed recently which rules them out. Another reason I suspect SIL is because I had put my nephew in a long sleeved foot pajama this morning because my apartment can get chilly, and 5 mins later she texted me "it's going to warm up later so please don't dress (nephew) too warmly, thanks!" It could be a coincidence, but now that I found the camera I'm not so sure.


If it's her, she knows I know since I'm assuming she saw me find it. What do I do? Do I confront her and ask if its hers? I couldn't even begin to imagine why she would think to put hidden cameras in my house; I have treated my nephew like my own from the start and love him wholeheartedly. I would never think to hurt him or neglect him, my family actually compliment me quite often on what good care I take of my daughter and how happy she always is, and of course I treat my nephew the same.



My (43M) son's (17) therapist told him it would be better to just die
Advice would be very much appreciated, but I understand if you might think that this is too much for the sub. I am simply a religious Reddit user, so I thought I might get some help.

My son has been diagnosed with Manic Depression when he was 15. He's tried to end his life three times - one time he cut his veins, the other two he overdosed on pills. He is violent towards his younger sister, mother and sometimes even me. I have heard a lot of people tell me over the years that I would be better off just letting him do his business, and I am sick and tired of it. I love my son - he is not perfect by all means, none of us are, but I would never be relieved by him dying.

His last suicide attempt was in September, and ever since we have removed his door and set alarms at night, to check on him once every half an hour. We keep medication, knifes, belts, basically any sharp thing you could think of under lock and key. He is not allowed to drive or go anywhere by himself. We are all terrified of losing him.

Ever since September, he refused to go to his past therapist, so we had to set him up with a new one. This woman is well-known in our city and has gotten nothing but stellar reviews - people praise her left and right. It was hard to get an appointment, and my wife was ecstatic when she said she could maybe squeeze him in sometimes. He has been seeing her for two months, and although the appointments didn't seem to lift his mood much, he somehow looked lighter and more at peace after each and every one. I would drive him to each one, wait for him there and drive him back home. I would ask how it went and the best answer I got was "twas fine". Until yesterday.

I asked him how it was, not expecting anything out of him, because he seemed more closed off than usual. The answer I got was "She told me I would be better off just dying". I thought it was a cruel joke on his part, but he seemed sincere. I asked him to elaborate and he just said "Don't act like you don't want it". I got him out of the car, barged in on her next appointment and went off on her. How could you even suggest something like that? I am paying you to help him understand how precious his life is, how much everyone around him treasures him, and you just tell him he would be better off dying? He wouldn't. He would be dead. She asked my son to wait for us to discuss it in the hallway and then proceeded to tell me that no amount of "pills or chit-chats will help him". That his brain is wired differently from ours and that I don't have the knowledge she has. I just left. 

I have anulled all appointments and tried to discuss it with him, but I don't know if he even listens. My wife is at her wits' end and did nothing but cry ever since I related all this to her. I don't know if, in the last 2 months, she's drilled this idea into his brain. I don't know how to make it right. I feel like everybody is conspiring against us at this point, almost like no one wants him to get better. I know this may be too big for you, because I feel it weighting heavily on all of us too.

EDIT: It has been 12 hours since posting this. I have gotten maybe the best and worst advice ever. I have been called names, but most of all you degraded my son by calling him a sociopathic murderer which... okay, armchair psychologists, you sure know best. I will discuss with my wife the possibility of inpatient and will contact my son's last therapist to ask her if we can arrange something. I will write an update when there is something to update you on. To all those offering genuine advice and criticism, as long as it's constructive, thank you so much, I will take your words to heart. I will stop responding to comments here or try to fight useless battles around. I might check the private messages from time to time, but that is it. Thank you once again!



My (21M) Dad (54M) constantly makes jokes about my rape
To keep my background short, I was in a relationship many years ago for two years. It was toxic, it was "Fuck me or I'll cheat on you" it was "You aren't a real man if you don't do things with me. This was in the 8th-10th grade. Horrible awful shit. I have forgiven her since, I talked to her years later about it. She was being raped by her stepdad during our relationship and that violence and awful shit basically got transfered onto her and then onto me.

I finally had the guts to tell my parents about what happened to me about a year ago and to explain how that went I'll give a quote from my dad "I don't understand how you didn't like it". He doesn't believe a man can be raped unless by another man. But that shit really fucked me up for a long time, even to this day it still fucks me up. I can't get hard sometimes because I get such anxiety about it. One time I talked to my parents about it when I was like 20 and to this day if I ever go out with a girl, my dad will say "Could you get it up this time?" And laugh away. Just to give an example. I just don't know what to do, I feel like shit about it way to often to be healthy.



This morning I (27M) found out my gf (27F) cheated on me, where to go from here?
So our valentine's day plan was to get dinner and spend the night together but I asked my boss if I could come in late as I had some stuff I had to do. However I went to her place this morning to drop off a bouquet of flowers and another gift as a surprise. She gave me a key to her apartment and when I went in there was another guy eating breakfast while she was sitting half naked in a robe drinking tea.




As soon as I walked in she saw me and burst into tears. The guy looked like he wanted to be anywhere but there. I freaked out at first and the guy left. She kept asking what are you doing here, I thought you had to work and saying she was sorry. I tried asking her questions and she wouldn't answer. Eventually she admitted she met him at a bar a couple weeks earlier, they chatted and wound up fooling around in her car and had slept together three times since then. 



I took the flowers and the gift and left. I'm sitting at work right now because if I went home my mind would be on her and thinking about whatever they were doing constantly. 





We've been together 3 years and were planning on moving in together later this year. I was looking up rings. She said it's because I was her first properly serious relationship and she has no idea why she did something so stupid and selfish. She thought I wouldn't find out and planned to end it eventually as it was just a brief fling. I asked if there were any others but she said no. Idk what to believe at this point. 




The kicker is that my birthday was yesterday. We had lunch and got a hotel room together. We had dinner at my place with my folks and I dropped her off at her place around 9.30 as she said she had some stuff to finish doing before valentine's day. I trusted her for fucks sake.




 How and why the fuck do people do things like this to others? What am I supposed to do from here?



TL;DR spent valentines day morning learning my girlfriend is a cheater and the details of that cheating, sitting at work staring at my screen 




*edit at roughly 1:30PM. : I broke up with her, I told her I'll be by later to get my shit and to have it ready. I'll be taking her stuff over and giving her back her key.* 






[Serious] My (35M) girlfriend (24F) wants me to act like a horse when we have sex, and I’m not into it at all.
So, tiny bit of backstory, my girlfriend of 6 months loves horses, has all her life. An additional, seemingly relevant point is, during sex, she sometimes says stuff like ‘f*** me with that horse cock’. I’ve never thought much of it, I thought that was just a way of her saying it’s big. But she’s started to take it further and it’s turned into a bit of a fetish that I’m not entirely comfortable with. A few days ago, she told me she wanted to roleplay, and at first I was pretty on board, but then she said as horses. I laughed, thinking it was a joke and she took it the wrong way, and said she was tired and then went to sleep. I said fuck it and, trying to make her feel better, said I’d do it the following day. Honestly it was okay but very, very weird, she got so into it and said it was the best she ever had, and next time wanted to buy costumes, and maybe do it on some hay. I told her no, and I didn’t want to do it again and she’s back to being mad at me. Am I being a dick here? I don’t know what to do. Sorry if wrong sub, just wanted a second opinion



My girlfriend (24 f) doesn't believe that I (22m) was taken advantage of.


UPDATE- https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/i3izig/update_my_girlfriend_24_f_doesnt_believe_that_i/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

My girlfriend and I were hanging out. I was playing a game and she was scrolling on her phone. We often just like to enjoy each other's company. I guess she was reading something because she just stated how it's so sad that every woman knows someone or has been someone who was sexually harassed and/or assaulted. I agreed and told her that it's horrible how many women do not feel safe in situations where they should. She then said that men are so lucky they don't deal with it. I didn't know if she was being serious at first but she kept ranting. I told her that what men go through in life definitely doesn't compare to what women go through but sexual assault is something that happens to men too. She then responded with "all men think about is sex".

I took that as an opportunity to open up to her and tell her about how I was taken advantage of from the ages of 7-18 by a woman who I was supposed to trust. As a kid she used to touch me or make me touch her and call it "our little secret". As I got older she got more "aggressive" with the sexual acts. It only stopped because she moved away. She kinda looked at me with a "yeah right" face and said that all boys dream of being with an older woman. She only agreed that it was messed up that I was so young when it started. She then said that I seemed to be ok so it's not that bad. Women who go through it have so much mental and emotional damage and that women aren't as scary as men. I honestly didn't even know what to say.

I'm not ok I guess I'm just good at hiding it.I use smoking as a coping mechanism and it's been an issue in our relationship. How do I navigate our relationship going forward? I'm not sure where this was coming from. Maybe she went through something too? Idk...



I(21) found out my whole family was going on a vacation when I was told to look after the family pet.
My siblings have yet to move out of from our childhood home and I've been of to uni. 

I am so empty and it feels so godamn horrible. I've been trying to act like I didn't care but when they were driving to the airport I couldn't stop crying. My mother was so hurt and they kept saying they loved me. Last time we went to a family vacation was when I was around 13. I cried so much I had cramps in my abdomen.

I wrote them a message trying to make them understand what I was feeling and that it hurt me alot. I got back that I was ruining the vacation and to just accept it. They said they thought I wanted to be "free". I know it might have been an asshole move to mention this at the first day of their vacation, but the pictures they sent being all happy made all my emotions I've tried to hide come through. I've never felt this left out and I feel like I'm not a family member. I'm trapped in this house taking care of an animal when they are out being a family on Holliday.
I feel heartbroken.

My plan right now is to leave the pet with a relative and go back to Uni and dive into school to forget.

How can I forgive them? Has this happened to anyone else?

Edit: 



I would have paid for myself. This is not about getting a free vacation, this about them going away on a family vacation without inviting me. They brought with them my 19 year old brother who even complained that he'd rather play games at home. They are all there. The whole family. They brought my brother so that it would be a family trip. I would not have batted an eye if only my sister went. 

I am really grateful for everyone who commented and gave me a nuanced perspective. I've come to the conclusion that my emotions are valid and that I need to communicate this to my family peacefully. 

I'm also really sorry that so many other people have gone through similar situations and I send all the hugs in the world to you! The feeling of being left out is so so fucking awful.




Edit 30 juli: 

I just wanted to say that I've been thinking and given the number of people who commented that "being an adult means that you are not invited to family trips" I believe this is where the miscommunication might have happened. My mother probably did not consider to ask me because she had the opinion that adult children have their own families and that I wouldn't be hurt if they didn't ask me. 

For anyone who reads this and have children please do not do this. Going of to college does not mean that we suddenly don't need you. Being away from family is hard and I missed mine alot. Being invited to a family vacation is an excellent opportunity to spend much needed time together. Please include everyone, you don't lose a family when you gain another.



My (36F) husband (41M) has some disturbing requests for after he's passed away.
This one is really bizarre, and I'm sorry ahead of time. My husband of 12 years has had some medical problems recently. The topic about end of life plans came up, and I asked if he wanted to be buried. He didn't want that. Nor did he want to be cremated.

My husband wants me to have his skull taken from his body and cleaned. Then he wants that skull put on the mantelpiece in the living room. The rest of his body he wants sent to one of those places that makes the gems out of bodies and made into two blue diamonds. He then wants those gems to be put in the eye socket of the skull to look like eyes. Then he can "watch the family home" and "be passed down through the generations".

My husband has always had a morbid/culturally insensitive sense of humour. As such, when he'd mentioned it before he was sick, I thought he was joking. Turns out, he is not joking. He even asked me to do it too so our skulls and matching eye gems can stay above the fireplace together. I adamantly refused.

I tried talking to him, but he's firm that this is what he wants. I told him that it made me uncomfortable, but he said it was also for our kids to have (who are not currently old enough to weigh in on this discussion). I asked if this was his way of trying to "live on" with the family even after death, and he said, "not really, no". I asked where he wanted the extra cremated remains from the gem company spread, and he told me that he didn't want any remains, and to just have the biggest gems possible made and have the company dispose of the rest.

I argued that he had no idea if his children would want the literal skull of their father. Further, which child would take the skull after I died? And in two or three generations, how would he feel if/when his descendants just sold this bizarre human skull at a garage sale because it means nothing to them? And finally, how was he going to feel about the fact that I, in my grief and trying to process the loss of him, would likely never take that skull out of the box, much less have to live with him "staring" at me every time I sat on the couch?

He essentially wasn't worried or didn't care about any of it. And regarding not taking it out of the box, it's the only time he seemed upset. He told me that was what he wanted, and I'd be ignoring his final wishes. I told him that he didn't have to live with those final wishes for years to come, but it didn't matter.

Part of me wants to get over my feelings, but I can't. I want to cry thinking of someone hacking apart my husband and handing me his bones, and I feel anxiety over the thought of putting that skull with his blue "eyes" in my home until I die. I'm fine if he wants a burial. I'm fine with cremation. Viking funeral, that weird thing where they turn you into tree food, whatever. I'm even fine with the gems on their own. But this whole skull thing is really bothering me. He won't budge, and he isn't joking.

At this point I'm thinking I would just do a simple cremation after he passes and spread his ashes on our property, but that seems sneaky and dishonest. But there is absolutely no way that I can comfortably live with what he's asking if he passes away before me. What do I do, Reddit?

TL;DR My husband wants his final resting place to be on our fireplace mantle in the form of his literal skull. This is to be complimented by two gems in the empty eye sockets made from his corpse. I'm deeply disturbed by this. Help?

Edit: I did not expect this to get the attention it has, and I am grateful for so many of the responses. At the end of the day, I want my husband to feel listened to, respected, and loved. This process has cemented to me that I definitely will not be putting his skull on my mantle until I die, but there were many compromises and ideas suggested that I'm going to think about. When it feels right, I'll suggest some of them to him. For now I'm going to sign off, give my husband a big hug, and think about this for a few days.

Edit 2: He knows this post exists now. We've had a good conversation. We've laughed a fair amount over the sheer ridiculousness of this hitting the front page and the comments it brought, and we both are confident we can reach a compromise that makes us both comfortable. We're not going to talk about it all today. We're just gonna get pizza, cuddle, and tell each other dumb jokes for the rest of the day. Goodnight Reddit. I'll update this at some point in the future.



My son managed to read our will and it's destroying our family
I'm going to preface this by saying I love all three of my sons equally. They are 29, 24 and 22. It is my unequivocal truth.

It's just that that my ex wife's involvement with my oldest son has really introduced a lot of toxicity and complications in our life.

After years of emotional and financial abuse, my wife and I have made a very conscious decision to completely cut my ex-wife out of our lives once my son turned 18. We let him have his relationship with his mother without any interference from us or any negative words.

I disagree with a lot of how their relationship is but I have kept my mouth shut to keep the peace.

After losing literally everything after my divorce, I have built a new business with my wife and it's doing very well. All three of our sons work in the business.

A week ago, all the kids were over for lunch. I was stupid and left our recently drafted will on my office desk. My oldest son managed to see it.

Our company and our home was willed to my two younger sons. My oldest was given a trust that pays out some money every five years. 

I feel like I have to explain myself over why the will was laid out as it was. My ex-wife still has a lot of influence over my son and at the suggestion of our lawyer, we created the will this way so she couldn't interfere in the company and home.

If she were to pass away before us, the will would be immediately rewritten to divide the company/home equally.

The plan was to explain this to our son gently and not for him to see it without any context.

My son was understandably upset but his behavior that day exceeded all levels of decency. He stormed downstairs, threw things around and used disgusting language against my wife and I. Our sons nearly got into a fist fight.

I am devastated. I have already apologized and forwarded him emails to my lawyer telling him I want the will to be changed to split everything equally. But the damage is done.

He's now spreading horrible lies about us and his brothers to everyone in my family, even to the point of accusing us of being racists (he is half indian, half white). His brothers and my wife and I are so hurt hearing this. It couldn't be any further than the truth. It's the same thing my ex wife liked to accuse us of over the years.

He has refused to come in to work since the past week and I've been scrambling to do a lot of his work.

I don't know how to fix this. He won't take my calls.

My ex wife has used this situation to make absolutely insane posts on Facebook that I am considering legal action over. But I know that will just add gasoline to the fire with regards to my son.

I'm not sure how to salvage this. And I am really afraid that some of the things he has said won't easily be forgotten. My younger sons have already been questioned on social media by their cousins about the racism accusations. It's a very uncomfortable thing to approach. My wife is also not over the names she was called by him, even though she says she is.

TL;DR My oldest son saw our will and is understandably upset. But now he is accusing us of racism and refusing to hear my side even after I have tried to fix it.



Me (M34) and fiancee (F27), I am in the process of calling a halt to our wedding as she has asked for an "open" relationship.
Alright folks where to start, this one is tough to type and the paws are shaking as I'm doing it. As it says in the title, me and my fiancee (ex?) are 34 and 27 respectively, have been together for nearly four years overall and are a year engaged. I'll be totally honest here, just before we got engaged she had an emotional affair with a bloke that she worked with (I only found  out because one of her friend's BF contacted me and said that he overheard the friendgroup discussing it). I confronted her at the time, and after a good bit of arguing and hassle, we came to an agreement to let it go. I'll be totally honest in saying that I'm still slightly in the process of getting over that particular incident, and it discoloured my view of her. I manned up, moved on and proposed (which I had planned on doing anyway). This is just to give an overall context here and indeed to let it be known that there has been issues in the past. 

&#x200B;

Fast forward to recent time. We are due married in November (travelling abroad for it with family), and back around october she started acting a bit odd. Distant, not herself, away with the fairies. Even stopped having sex, which was very strange. I put it down to stress around organising the wedding, and the fact that we had moved flat. Forward to Christmas time, and now things are coming to a head. I confronted her straight up, and she set out that she was sorry, has just been stressed. I was very considerate, and tried to help her through it. 

&#x200B;

However, it basically continued on ebbing and flowing throughout the next two months, up to yesterday. I arrived in from  work last night, and she says that she wants to talk. The vibe was bad guys, I could tell. We sat down and she set out that she had been reading, and that she wasn't having second thoughts about the marriage, but the 'nature' of our relationship. At this rate I was getting a bit agitated, and demanded that she come out with what the bloody hell she meant. Basically, a few of her friends had back in October (the times matched up) conveyed to her the idea of an "open relationship"...........basically they stay with their blokes and have one night stands on nights out if they fancy. I'll be honest, the idea made me ill. I said this to her, and she asked to be heard out. Pulled out some online blog post by a blogger who had a husband and live-in boyfriend........I got half way through and told her enough of this nonsense. I wouldn't consider myself old-fashioned, but a wife or fiancee bonking other men will never be in fashion, not in my world anyway. We got into a fight, and in the end she was begging me to give it a chance and that nothing is set in stone. I basically said that I needed some headspace, and that I'd spend the weekend at my mates. It was quick after that, and I left without a fuss. I'm typing this on my mates laptop, and am in a bad mental way atm. I am seriously considering calling the whole thing off, both relationship and wedding. I suppose if anyone has been in a similar place I could do with some advice 

&#x200B;

TLDR; Me (34m) and fiancee (27f), she asked for open relationship and I am fuming. 



I (24 F) just found out my husband (34 M) is paying for an apartment that I know nothing about.
We have owned our house for the four years we've been married. He's had this apartment for two years. I only found out about it because the landlord couldn't reach him on his cell and called the landline 

He refuses to talk to me about it and says since he makes the money he doesn't need my input on all decisions.

I'm tempted to call that landlord and get the address and see where this place is and get let in to see it. 

I'm afraid of what I'll find honestly. Advice would be greatly appreciated.



I (29 F) am letting my baby be adopted so I can give him a better more stable life with two parents. After he is born I will be going to a mental health facility to try to get myself better. Do up think it would be appropriate for me to write him a letter to explain this?
I am bipolar and dont feel that I can care for a child, especially by myself. I dont want to live with my parents forever. 

I've gone to this place before. The people who work there are rough and not nice but after a year there when I was 17 I did okay up until now. 

I think he deserves two parents who want him and can care for him. 

I have been so depressed since the babys father and I have broken up that I spend days in bed. I know I could not raise a child in my present state of mind. 

I want to have my tubes tied after this. 

My greatest wish for the baby is for him to have two loving parents and a happy, healthy home. 

My greatest wish for me is to someday be normal.



My (f 25) husband (m 28) said something disgusting to me
I can’t stop thinking of it. I’ve been in the bath for a long time because I’ve been dreading going to bed with him. 

A few hours ago I was lying in bed feeding our baby. My husband was begging me to come do something with him. I tried to tell him just to wait a few moments.  He kept glaring at me and telling me to hurry up. 

I just gave birth a couple months ago, and my husband has been so jealous of his own son.

I could see he was starting to lose his patience and I told him “Honey I have to take care of him before you, you know that”. And what he said back was really stunning. He looked me right in the eyes and said “if you love him so much, why don’t you suck his dick instead of mine”. I couldn’t say anything, I didn’t know what to say. And then he stormed out of our bedroom. 

I don’t even know what to make of this. What should I do? It just bothers me so deeply, it’s going to be hard for me to forgive. I really don’t have many other complaints about my husband, most days things are great with him but that just made sick to my stomach. Am I just being sensitive? Maybe I’m just emotional, but I feel like crying.



My (23f) marriage is based on a lie. My entire family including my husband (31m) is implicit in it. I want out. I have no idea how to.
Edit: I can only be on for short periods of time at a time so I will try to come back later but I wanted to thank everyone who has commented and messaged. Ebbie I will reply to your message as soon as possible. I will try to keep updating and replying as I can. 

Edit 2   10:27 mst: I have to get off for now. I will try to come back and update when I can. Again thank you all so much. 

I will try to keep this short. My family & my husband's family are members of a fundamentalist Christian denomination, of the type that views women's roles as exclusively to be a 'helpmeet' to their husband and to raise children. I don't think people realize how dark that world is really, but I won't get too much into it. Lets just say that unless you've been super brainwashed or actually somehow believe it, it's not a good place for women, or kids, or really anybody. 

I was homeschooled for my whole life and rarely had any interaction with anyone outside of the circle until I was 18. I wasn't allowed to talk to people who weren't from my church unless it was for the purpose of trying to convert them. 

From an early age I knew I was different and by puberty I was crushing on girls and having sexual thoughts and feelings about them. After reading my diary when I was 14 my parents sent me to conversion therapy, which was an awful experience and obviously didn't work. 

Between the ages of 15 and 18 I attempted suicide 11 times. After being released from the hospital the last time, my parents essentially farmed me out to family friends to help with their children and to attempt to find someone to court me. 

When I was there I had unmonitored internet access for the first time and joined an lgbt group locally under a pseudonym and started going out to meet people when I could since the supervision was more relaxed than it was with my parents. At one of these meetups I met a girl who I fell completely in love with and started dating her in secret. This was in April of 2017. 

Fast forward to when we had been dating around 8 months. It was around this time of year and we went out to a Christmas light festival in a neighboring town. Usually people from our denomination don't go to that kind of thing because it's not god honoring but friends of the people I was staying with saw me there with her and told them. By the time I got home that night my parents were there waiting for me. 

Two months later, after being forced back home and having everything taken away, I was introduced to my now husband, and by may of this year we were married. 

I don't love him. He doesn't love me. He 100% buys into everything that the religion teaches but had a failed courtship and then did mission work. He's literally told me that the only reason we are married is because he feels like Jesus's mission for him in life is to "heal" me. 

It's been 8 months of absolute hell. Everything I do is approved by him, I only have friends who are the wives of his friends or are from church. I don't have a job. I literally keep a box that I told him was a hope chest and put enough baby things in that he doesn't know I have a tablet and books that I'm not supposed to have. 

I know that this isn't really the typical kind of thing that gets posted in this board, but I'm desperate. I've been talking to my girlfriend again since I got the tablet. I've been trying to mend things with her. I know that I need to get out of this situation but I have no idea how to. I'm afraid I'm going to get dragged back into this hole again and I can't. I am hoping that this board might have people on it, even just one or two, that can help me to leave safely and permanently. It's hard because if I do go I have to basically build my life over again from scratch and I don't have any family or anyone who would help or support me in any way.



My (f 20) mother (f 37) tells me if I don’t be her surrogate she’ll cut me out of her life forever.
My mother and her new husband want to have a baby. She’s still young so she still is fertile however both of her past pregnancies were complicated and very dangerous. So her doctor told her to absolutely not get pregnant as it will just be even more risky now that she’s older. She told me all of this this morning, and then she asked me to be her surrogate. She said all I have do is carry her egg and have it fertilized by her husband. I told her I can’t do that. For one, I’m trying to get my nursing degree and I don’t want anything to slow me down. And I already have a two year old with my boyfriend, and remembering what it was like to be pregnant there’s no way I want to go through it again so soon. I’m also worried because a lot of the bonding mothers do with their babies is while it’s still in the womb. I don’t want to feel attached maternally to a baby that won’t be mine. I gave her my reasons and she just rolled her eyes and told me “it would be a small sacrifice for you to do this for me”. She told me all she wants is another baby and that I shouldn’t deprive her of it when I can help her so easily. I tried to reason with her but she literally told me “if you don’t do this to me then I don’t want a relationship with you anymore”. I asked her if she was serious and she told me “yes” and left. I don’t know what to do. My mom is very stubborn and very vindictive so she probably means it at least for now. I’m not sure how I should handle this. I think she’s acting crazy.



My gf of 3 years returned the engagement ring because she didn’t like where I proposed.
I decided to propose to my gf of three years on our third anniversary. I flew her to Vietnam and after a couple of weeks travelling we ended up in Cambodia. She had wanted to see Angkor wat and some other temples that were on her bucket list. After a long day of hiking in the heat through ruins we retired back to our hotel and when we were alone together I proposed and she said yes. We kissed and I had planned to take her to the waterfall the next day to celebrate. It’s really beautiful. She took a shower and I laid in bed thinking what an amazing day I just had and how I would get to spend the rest of my life with the women I loved. When she came out of the shower however she was in tears. She handed me back the ring saying she couldn’t accept it because she didn’t want her memory of my proposal to be in a hotel room.

I played it cool and said I understood but truthfully it hurt. It seems to me that I had offered her something of value. A lifelong commitment and partner. I took her halfway around the world and helped her cross off something she had wanted to do most of her adult life. I felt that if she valued me it wouldn’t matter that the proposal wasn’t exactly what she wanted. It was me and our future together she was saying yes to and not my delivery. If she had found a million dollars in a dumpster she wouldn’t throw it back because of where it came from. So she can’t possibly value me or what I have to offer as an individual if she’s willing to reject it because she didn’t like the place I asked. 

I’m preparing to end things when we get back. She wants me to propose again and better and then she’ll say yes, but I’m done. Am I wrong? Should I do it over? What do you think.

Any advice is appreciated.

--Update to the story.
Hi and thanks for all the comments and help.

I ended up following the advice of one of the commenters. The conversation with my girlfriend went something like this:
Me: No that was my proposal. You rejected it. It's never going to happen again.
GF: So we aren't getting married? You aren't going to propose... ever?
Me: No never. I'm glad you were the one I proposed to and I'm happy that I found the courage to take that step and make such a huge commitment. But no. It was a one-time thing. If you want to marry me, you'll have to propose.

I decided to see how things went and planned to give her till my birthday (July) to make her proposal or I would end it and move on. She did while we were hiking a trail back home. I accepted.

That's it for now. Am I making a huge mistake? Maybe. I'll get a prenup of course and protect my assets. If it ends it won't cost me more than a few hundred. Hopefully, I get many happy years from this. If not, I'll update the post.

Also, thanks for all the comments and support. Weird how much that meant. I also genuinely appreciated the people that objected to me ending things. It's the internet so I expect to hear nothing but "Dump her". Getting another more reasonable side to things was helpful.

Regards,
ZenMonkey



My boyfriend (27M) has been treating me (23F) differently since he got his ancestry DNA results back...
A few weeks ago, my (23F) boyfriend (27M) got his results back from one of those ancestry tests. He's never been interested in his family history before but one of his friends bought him the kit for his birthday.

A few days after seeing his results (which were nothing special, about 95 percent European and mostly just from England, where we live) he really excitedly told me that he'd been messaged by a group of people about a shared relative. Apparently all of them have an ancestor in common (my boyfriend's great (x 10) grandfather that can be linked to royal lineage.

I was pleased and a bit amused that my boyfriend was so happy, especially since he seemed to be telling every single person he knows and he posted on facebook about it. However since then I've noticed some uncomfortable behaviours from him that is making me second guess our relationship.

1. He quit his job two weeks ago (accountant) which was very unexpected and something we hadn't discussed before now. He gets defensive when I try to bring it up and ask if there was something in particular that triggered it. He has only said that he doesn't believe the 9-5 life is right for him.
2. He has suddenly started insisted on using condoms when we have sex. We have been together three years and my birth control (the copper coil) has never been an issue for him before. My boyfriend has started saying it is not good enough as a form of contraceptive by itself, which would be fine, except he has started making a few comments alongside this about how I'm trying to 'steal his genes' and implying that I want his bloodline.
3. He won't kiss me in public anymore or touch me at all around his family, which he has explained by saying he doesn't like PDA anymore and it's embarrassing. He is fine touching me when we're alone however.
4. He has asked me to look into my family history by making a family tree to  go alongside his. It's not something I care about or want to pursue (my family are also immigrants so I imagine harder to track than his) but since I refused he has made jokes that I must be scared to find out that my family 'don't match up' to his. As a sidenote, by traditional standards my family are a lot better off and more 'middle class' than his although this has never affected our relationship.

We've generally had a really good relationship before now and there have never been any major communication issues or anything like that. I'm really confused as to what's going through his mind right now and I could use some advice. Thank you.

TL;DR: my boyfriend's behaviour towards me has gotten a lot worse since he discovered he has connections to royalty in his family tree



My (25m) Wife and Kid Died During Childbirth, I Want to Skip My Brother's Wedding
I will make this quick and save most of you the trouble of reading a lot. I am a Lt in the military and I work as a pilot.

A few months ago both my wife of three years and our child died while she was giving birth. Everyone tells me how sorry they are, how amazing of a woman she was, how much of a great father I would’ve have been. I don’t like hearing it, I don’t want to know what I could have been, should have been, or would have been because it doesn’t exist anymore.

My brother is getting married later this summer and everyone is preparing for that. I’m really happy for them and both families. Plus it slowly took everyone’s focus off me and they can focus on the happier future. I was obviously going to be a groomsmen for him, was going to give a speech after the best man, and just tease him in front of his new wife and family. My wife was looking forward to it and so was everyone else. People say they like my speeches and toasts, and my wife used to joke that every time I talk the room gets quiet so everyone can hear what I say.

I just don’t think I’m mentally prepared to go to my brother’s wedding. I don’t think I’ll be ready in a few months either. I already texted him it’s hard for me to meet up with the groomsmen once a month when they go out to dinner and plan stuff out. Thankfully he understands due to my job but the reality is I just don’t want to be around it. It’s not out of hate or angry or sorrow, I just really want to be alone and focus on work. It’s the only thing that keeps me going. That rush I feel when I take off at full speed and push the throttle harder once I’m soaring. Twisting the stick and pushing my body to feel that high. It’s the drive and push keeping me going and takes my mind off my miserable life.

I’ve been thinking of asking my commander for a TDY or if I could deploy with another squadron during the summer. Just hoping I can give a valid excuse why I can’t go to the wedding. I promise I’ll pay my brother his wedding respects before and after the wedding, I’ll even go over to his place once he’s married and spoil them with gifts.

I know it’s a horrible thing to not want to go to my little brother’s wedding but I honestly can’t do it. Every day I wish something would just happen to me during a flight exercise or while I’m driving to work or even some accident at work. My brother deserves a better brother who won’t abandon his wedding and I’m sorry I can’t be that stronger older brother.

Would it really be that bad if I skipped out on his wedding?



My (27M) fiancée (24F) has 'accidentally' lost/broken three engagement rings now... I'm starting to suspect she's doing it on purpose
I've (27M) been with my fiancée/girlfriend (24F) for three years now. I proposed a year ago, but it definitely wasn't out of the blue - she'd been not-so-subtly hinting at getting engaged for months at that point. Although we're both somewhat hot-headed, we generally have a good relationship and we occasionally only fight about small, normal things.

I know NOTHING about jewellery, but I spent a lot of time looking for the right ring to propose with. I talked to two of her closest friends to get their input, and in the end I spent around $4000 on the ring. When my fiancée saw it, she told me she loved it and I'm pretty sure she was telling the truth.

This January, my fiancée called me up in tears. She'd somehow lost the ring on her way home from work and she had no clue where it might be. I left work early to come help her search, but since she'd been riding the subway, the ring was long gone.

My fiancée was clearly distraught, so a few weeks later I dipped into my savings and bought her a different ring. It wasn't quite as expensive as the last, but it was from the same jeweller and still a good make. 

Around June, I noticed one day that it had been a while since I saw my fiancée actually wear her engagement ring. She went pale and confessed to me that she thought she'd taken it off before bed one night and now it was lost somewhere in our flat. This time we searched for days and I dug up half the floorboards looking for it, but the ring is (to this day) missing.

At this point, buying another ring was out of the question (too expensive) so I asked her if she'd rather either a) have a cheap replacement ring (under $50) until after we're married, or b) go without a ring for now. She chose option b. 

One day we were visiting my grandmother, who asked my fiancée where her ring was. When we told her it was lost, my grandmother was kind enough to give my fiancée one of her rings instead. 

My fiancée seemed delighted and everything was working out perfectly until this week. I came home to find my grandmother's ring on the table, looking almost unrecognisable. My fiancée cried and told me that she'd managed to step on the ring that morning hard enough to break it.

I took the ring to a jewellery repair service right away. Sadly they told me that since a few small stones are missing and the original fitting is warped, the ring will never really be the same. They also told me that they were certain someone stepping on the ring couldn't realistically cause this amount of damage.

When I got home, I brought this up to my fiancée and asked her if she was 100% sure she'd only stepped on the ring. She completely flipped and yelled at me asking if I was calling her a liar. I mentioned what the jewellery store said, and she started screaming about me only caring about money and the 'cost' of the rings. It's been two days and we've barely spoken, especially as she's only coming out of our bedroom for meals. 

TL;DR: my fiancée has lost two of her engagement rings and now she's broken a third. When I tried to talk with her about it, she exploded. Any advice on how to handle this?



My fiancée’s sister(28F) told me she’s in love with me(27M) and my fiancée(28F) is just settling for me
https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/iodouw/updatemy_fianc%C3%A9es_sister28f_told_me_shes_in_love/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

My fiancée, “Nancy”, and I are getting married in December. We’ve been going through a small rough patch since late June, I felt like everything was okay, but we were just out of sync. We’ve been together for 2 years, and this has happened before and we just come out of it usually.

I have a very good relationship with my fiancées twin sister, “Peggy”. We hung out a lot before she introduced me to her sister, so I’ve known her longer and she’s one of my best friends and is probably the person that knows me the best other than my family and Nancy. She and her sister also have a great relationship. No resentment, no anger towards each other just sisterly love.

Saturday I received a string of messages from Peggy that were telling me to not marry Nancy. She told me she didn’t love me like she should and if we got married we’d be in a loveless sexless marriage. I told her I didn’t believe her. She sent me screenshots of messages between her and Nancy. I wish I hadn’t read them. She said that I wasn’t the love of her life, that I wasn’t her soulmate, that’s I was just a good option and would be the a good provider and great dad to her kids, that I was “nice guy that’d any girl would be lucky to have, but he’s not the one for me.”

I asked Peggy why she told me all of this and she said she’s my best friend and she loves me. She said she’s wanted me forever, but couldn’t come between me and her sister like that. She said she’d love me like a wife should, that she fantasizes about being with me intimately, and that I drive her crazy. She asked me to leave Nancy and come be with her.

I’m so confused. I don’t know what to do about anything. I feel like my life had been turned completely upside down. I don’t know where to go from here.



My (36m) wife (33f) was sued, I'm feeling resentment towards her and I don't know how to move past it.
FWIW This is not a post asking for any legal or financial advice, we already have a lawyer and have help financially. No offense to reddit, but I’d rather not get any legal advice from a forum, but I’m okay getting relationship advice it seems. 

As the title states my wife was recently sued, she lost and we had to pay. The money is a significant amount for us, we didn’t have much in savings or our emergency fund to begin with, and both of those accounts are now empty. 

My currently problem is trying to move past the resentment and anger I’m feeling towards my wife. Until now I’ve always felt like we were a partnership in our marriage. But, since I’m the breadwinner I can’t help but to feel like I’m spending "my" money on something that isn’t my fault. I’ve had no problem paying the mortgage, and taking care of various financial burdens that come with being a married homeowner. However, I have been the only one to put money aside in our savings and other accounts to prepare for an emergency - like a totaled car, someone loses their job, medical bills, or an act of god… not a stupid lawsuit where I know my wife is guilty. She has a part time job and doesn’t make much money, but pays for smaller things when she can (like groceries and some random bills), but she does take care of a lot of cooking, cleaning and caring for our pets. 

What did my wife do? (Note: I had no idea this was going on while it was happening). 

She used linkedin to find her former ex best friend, she ended up creating a realistic looking fake linkedin profile with a vague occupation of ‘recruiter’. My wife ended up sending this ex-best friend, "Laura" a few messages pretending to be a recruiter in her line of work. Laura finally responded thinking that this recruiter was real, my wife wanted her phone number but Laura gave her a personal email address instead. My wife created a second fake linkedin profile and started to send messages to people with similar titles as Laura at her company. These messages said derogatory things about Laura, a mixture of truthful things but embarrassing and just fabricated bullshit to make Laura look bad. Her manager got one of these messages that claimed that Laura was a heavy drug user. Laura's manager talked to her about these messages and he felt like the messages were bizarre and seemed like someone was trying to troll or harass Laura. Well, Laura team had her back and helped her saved these messages. Not only that, but Laura requested that she be drug tested anyway, to provide further evidence that she was clean. My wife didn’t know this at this point, but Laura was pregnant. Several of her coworkers, including her manager testified on Laura behalf. 


Using the personal email address she got from the fake recruiter profile, she was able to find a few social media platforms Laura was on and was able to figure out her husbands name. She did some more internet sleuthing and found Laura's husband on facebook. Laura's husband didn’t have much on his facebook profile, but you could see his business email address on it. My wife sent him an email claiming that Laura was cheating on him. The husband confronted Laura about this email and Laura encouraged him to keep responding to this person, and save the messages, as well as to start asking specific questions about this supposed affair.  My wife thought she was being clever and ended up telling the husband that Laura was cheating on him during the work week, she even gave him specific dates. What she didn’t realize was Laura had something turned on in google maps where it keeps years worth of historical gps data. Some of the dates my wife gave him also happened to be days where they both worked from home together. She also ended up giving him dates during a time they were on vacation together. Laura had her husband keep responding as much as possible to my wife and to backup all correspondence. 


My wife was able to  find out when and where the baby shower was going to be. One of Laura friends had created a public registry for her and had the invitation online. My wife decided to show up unannounced (the baby shower took place in a semi-public place, they had rented out an area connected to the public business.) She did not make herself known immediately. Instead she looked for patrons that were entering and exiting the rented out room. She was able to get the attention of a few guests that had never met her and tried to gossip about Laura - my wife was telling people that Laura didn’t actually know who the father was, among other things. This was at an event where her husband was at as well. The word got back around to Laura and she spotted my wife and apparently immediately put together all the pieces of what happened. 


I’m leaving a fair amount of information out - My wife was able to find phone numbers, social media accounts and email for other people in Laura circle and sent them messages about Laura on multiple occasions. All the messages were trying to paint Laura in an extremely derogatory light. All the events I’ve mentioned so far took place over a year or so.  My wife didn’t think to mask her IP address, so it was pretty easy to find out that all of these made up messages came from the same IP address, ours. Many of Laura's friends and family testified on her behalf, Laura had everyone saved as much digital evidence as possible - and it was a lot. 


Laura and her husband hired a lawyer and decided to sue to my wife. They had ample evidence against her. All the saved messages, close friends and even her manager spoke on her behalf, she showed that she went to see a therapist once all the harassment started because she was depressed and anxious, she showed that she and her husband went to counseling after the accusations of her cheating. She even went above and beyond and had more drug tests done to show she was clean and my wife’s accusations were 100% false, and even had a paternity test done to show that my wife was again wrong and chose to lie. 


I honestly felt awful for Laura, there were lots of tears on her end. You could tell how much emotional stress she had gone through. She said that being pregnant during the majority of this was absolutely horrific and was worried the stress and anxiety would somehow hurt her baby. She was pained that her one and only baby shower was ruined by my wife and that was something that could never be truly repaid or made up for. And that my wife’s harassment continued even after Laura gave birth and was trying to manage a newborn child. 


My wife has never done anything this crazy before. I knew she could be a little petty and jealous of others, especially people she use to be friends with in the past, but it was only talk - no action. We’ve had a very happy marriage otherwise, we rarely fight, have a lot in common, we have a lot of fun together. But, she really fucked up this time. I don’t know how to move forward. I know someone is going to suggest therapy, but I really want to start building up an emergency fund again. We’re pretty screwed financially for awhile. 


**tl;dr** Wife was sued by her former best friend, I emptied out all of our savings and sold a few things to pay for everything. I need help managing my resentment towards my wife and to move past this. Funds are low and we can't afford therapy right now. What can we do to move forward?



I(19M) overheard my brother(16M) saying he wanted to r*pe a girl at his school. Our parents won't try to help him.
Let me start this off by saying I always loved my brother ever since he was born. He was my best friend until I went to middle school when we started to drift apart. He was always a shy, quiet kid but I have no idea where it went wrong. I think it was when he was about 13 when he started to lose his cheerfulness, started to smile less and adopted his brooding demeanor. He openly asked me how he could get a girlfriend and how he could become more popular at school since he was 10 or 11, but I think as he started to go down a negative spiral he began talking about how he got the "ugly genes" out of the two of us, about how girls at school don't "respect" him enough even though he treats them like a "gentleman" would, about how he feels like an "incel" all the time. I'm genuinely worried about him. I went through a phase during middle school/high school when I used to hang out with the wrong sort of kids and I regret not being there for my brother and neglecting him when he needed me. I want to reconnect with him but I'm afraid that my brother who I thought I knew is gone for good. He made two friends at school before covid started, and at first I was happy to see he was starting to return to his cheerful self again, but recently he's just been acting more strangely. He never comes out of his room anymore and I thought he was talking to himself in there until I realized he was having phone calls. About deranged thoughts of how society works and all that. Then he went into a rant about how he wants to rape a girl at his school and fantasizes about *keeping her in our basement.* What the fuck do I do at this point? I try to talk to my parents about him but all they say is that he's a lost cause and that they're going to kick him out when he turns 18. I can't help but feel like if I was there for him he would've turned out better.



My (24F) boyfriend (24) said that I’m not allowed to criticise slavery because I’m white-passing. He said that I would’ve lived a “comfortable life” under slavery. We argued and now he’s giving me the silent treatment.
**TL;DR I am biracial (Black/White) and my BF is white. We were discussing slavery and he said that I have no right to criticise slavery because I look racially ambiguous/white-passing. He said that I shouldn’t complain because I would’ve lived a good life in that era as a mistress of a slaveowner. I called him an ignorant idiot and now he’s so offended that he won’t speak to me.** 

We’ve been in a relationship for four years and live together. For both of us it’s the first serious relationship and although it hasn’t always been easy, we’ve never had any significant problems. We are on the same page on most topics (racism, politics, finances etc) or so I thought at least. 

Now with all these issues going on we’ve been talking about race a bit more than usual. For the record, I’m biracial but I have what most consider “Eurocentric” features so a lot of times people can’t really tell where I’m from. 

Fast forward to a few days ago. We were watching *12 Years A Slave* and I made some comments about how horrible slavery was. That’s when he dropped the bomb that I actually shouldn’t criticise slavery at all since I look white enough that I would’ve benefited from the system. (Honestly it felt like he wanted to say that for a long time). I asked him wtf he meant by that and he said me complaining about racism belittles the experience of black people. 

I told him that I wouldn’t have benefitted from slavery at all since I’m literally 50% black despite my looks. He said that even if I didn’t directly benefit, I would’ve lived a “comfortable” life in that era. I asked how and he said slaveowners kept mixed women as mistresses so I would’ve spent most of my time being treated well and “popping out white babies”. He made it sound like it was a complete luxury. At this point I was so appalled that I called him an ignorant idiot and we started arguing. 

He said that I’m just an “exotic looking white girl” who’s trying to feel oppressed and that I’m just as privileged as him. I told him that he really has no idea what he’s talking about and then he started ignoring me. We haven’t spoken for a few days (although he tried to initiate sex a few times and seems to be warming up to me again) and I really don’t know what to do. He’s never said something so ridiculous. I’m just so angry at his stupid comments and immaturity.



I don't want to take part in my GF's (23F) sex ritual on our wedding night... but I still want to marry her
My post was capped because I didn't have a throwaway account but I'd like some advice:

So I'm (23M) getting married to my GF (23F) early next year if all goes to plan. I don't have a lot of family (I'm no contact with my dad for several years now.) She, however, has a huge extended family.

For the most part we get on great. They tend to be very loud and have huge personalities, which is sometimes hard for me to deal with since I've always been on the quiet side. But overall very warm and caring people.

Something weird I've noticed since we got engaged is that my GF's cousins sometimes make jokes about our wedding night. It's weird for them to joke about it since I'm pretty sure her family is aware we've slept together before since we share a bed at holiday gatherings and vacations.

A few nights ago we were discussing wedding plans and thinking about places to go on our honeymoon (if COVID-19 clears up and we can travel by then). My GF and I were brainstorming ideas when she tells me that we won't need a bridal suite right away. Obviously I ask why (we're getting married at a pretty nice hotel) and she says that she'd like for us to stay at her parent's house.

I don't really mind this - we're trying to save money for a house deposit anyway - but GF seems like she has more to say so I push for why she wants it. She tells me that there's a really old tradition in her family on the wedding night.

The husband and wife go into the master bedroom together and they are supposed to 'consummate' the marriage. The rest of the family are waiting outside the door so they can applaud them and cheer when they come out. Then a piece of the bed sheet is cut off and sewn into a big tapestry my GF's mother owns.

I think my GF saw I wasn't happy because she quickly told me that we wouldn't have to actually consummate the marriage if I felt uncomfortable and we could just pretend.

I don't want anything to do with this. I absolutely freaked and told her under no circumstances will I be doing that kind of thing in front of her whole family. When I came back from taking a walk to clear my head, she was now noticeably acting down and still is. I think she's also been texting her family about this because I received a text from her mother telling me that I 'don't understand the importance of family' and tradition yet and this kind of tradition has been around longer than I've been alive.

I don't know how I'm meant to go on from here. I really love my GF and she is the woman I want to spend my life with. I'm freaked out of course but she is my whole world. But how should I handle her family and navigate his 'tradition'?

TL;DR my girlfriend's family have a tradition where they stand outside the room on the wedding night. I still want to marry my GF but I don't want anything to do with this. Advice?



Is it ok to buy my boyfriend flowers?
My boyfriend is kind of going thru a hard time, I know he's kind of sad so I wanna buy him a gift, he loves being spoiled. 

Should I buy him flowers or is it too weird to buy a guy flowers? I know he likes roses but idk. Is it too odd? Would you like if your girlfriend bought you flowers?

Edit: wow! I never knew this is a common thing to do and I didn't know this will blown up like this! I did ask because I was unsure. Thank you all for commenting and sharing your sweet experiences, it made my day reading them. I will acknowledge all your advices with others gifts. ^^



My childhood "friend" went through my boyfriend's phone and found pictures of him having sex with me while I was sleeping. She told everyone and now my boyfriend is being ostracized from our friends. Except it was my idea for him to do it in the first place. [NSFW]
[UPDATE HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/czqc2i/update_my_childhood_friend_went_through_my/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

Throw away because of the sensitive subject matter.

So, there are three main players in the situation; my childhood friend, Sarah [31F], my long-time partner, John [34M], and myself [29F].

I've known that Sarah has had a crush on John for a long time. It's kind of an open secret in our group that no one talks about, but other than some longing looks and awkward interactions, Sarah has never crossed any boundaries. But because she does have this crush, she does stuff such as leaning over his shoulder to look at his phone screen and doing that playful shoulder slap that people do.

(My boyfriend and I had discussed it and decided, together, not to address it unless her crush became a problem since it seemed harmless.)

Apparently when she was doing that recently, she caught a glimpse of what looked like a photo of him having sex with me, so later, she went back and went through his gallery. 

Which is *full* of photos and videos of him having sex with me while I'm sleeping. She took photos with her phone and then went and told everybody - except me!!! - that my boyfriend is assaulting me in my sleep. She apparently showed them her "evidence" as well.

I found this out the next day when another friend messaged me, incredibly concerned.

Now people are threatening to go to the cops, trying to stage interventions, and someone even told my dad I'm being abused.

But here's the thing - it's **my** fetish in the first place, not his. He took the photos and videos *for me*. The day after our "sessions", he sends them to me so I can watch them because it's better than porn. 

But nobody believes me. They're accusing me of protecting my boyfriend and covering for a r*pist. I don't know what to do. I'm scared that someone is going to call the police on him. 

How do I fix my friendships and convince everybody that **I'M** the one who wanted it? 

There is no text communication to exonerate my boyfriend, but I do have pages of internet history from my phone full of "limp porn" and sleeping fetish fantasy literature. I'm tempted to pull up my internet history and air my dirty laundry to fix this.

Please help. I'm so embarrassed, frustrated, and, honestly, really, really fucking mad.

Edit: since this needs to be said, YES, my boyfriend *does* have a passcode on his phone. It's a four digit code.

Edit edit: 

- yes, I *know* she isn't my friend, which is why "friend" is in quotes.

- I have three friends on my side with this, so it's not *everybody*. Just *mostly* everybody. I was upset and generalizing last night.

- I am in the US.

- my boyfriend **DOES HAVE A PASSCODE** on his phone. Seriously. Stop blaming him. This is *definitely* not his fault.

Edit AGAIN since people just wanna try to blame my boyfriend and I: we attended a BBQ where EVERYBODY left their phones inside. We *thought* we were in a trusted, safe place. 

You guys are being a little mean about this.

**Edit** (again): 

Went to the police and will update when I can.

## MINOR UPDATE 

I went to the police last night, alone. After everything that was said, I was nervous about having John with me, just in case *my consent* wasn't enough for them.

Really. Y'all made me nervous.

I went in and told the police that pornographic videos of me were taken from my boyfriend's phone by a woman and then distributed around to two dozen people.

At first, the officer at the window was like, "I think that's a crime? Maybe? I've gotta call my supervisor."

That happened twice before the police were like, Okay, this might be a civil suite, but we don't know. We're going to take an information report and send an officer to speak with her to ask her to delete the photos and videos. 

I gave my report and left. About fifteen minutes later, I got a phone call from the local PD. They told me that they thought my boyfriend might be the victim of a "sexploitation crime" based on my comments.

My comments being that Sarah has a vested interest in breaking apart my relationship to sexually pursue John and this interest was probably the reason she stole the videos in the first place.

They suggested finding a lawyer since law enforcement apparently has a shaky grasp on the laws in my state. Well, they told me that just in case it *was* a civil suite, I'd have a lawyer retained, and said lawyer could send a cease and desist.

So, that's about it. 

A bunch of hemming and hawing and I don't knows. They'll "attempt" to get the videos deleted, but cannot seize the phone without a warrant. 

I'm moving forward with both this and a social media announcement today.



My (26M) girlfriend (24F) found an engagement ring I was keeping safe for my friend until he was ready to propose. She thought it was for her and is furious that it wasn't.
I've been dating my girlfriend Laura for just over two years. We met as I was finishing my masters and she was in her last year of undergrad as we attended the same university. We have a pretty strong relationship overall, we get along well and have pretty similar views/goals in life, and I love her a great deal. She's definitely been the healthiest relationship I've ever had and I see a strong future with her. 

This weekend has been awful, however. My best friend Rob came to me about a month ago and told me that he had a plan to propose to his long term girlfriend Grace of about seven years. The problem was that they live together and she's a very clean person, and he was afraid she might find the ring while cleaning before he was ready to propose. I offered to hide it for him at my house until he was ready, and he handed it over. I hid it in the back of my sock drawer and honestly kind of forgot about it until last Monday when he asked for it back. He (successfully!) proposed to Grace yesterday, and she posted a picture of the two of them on her instagram with the ring clearly visible.

Literally five minutes after she posted, Laura rang me absolutely fuming. She told me she'd found that ring three weeks ago, so why had I given it to Rob for Grace when I'd clearly chosen it especially for her? Was Grace mocking her with her post, just rubbing her nose into the fact that she'd "stolen" her ring? I tried to talk her down and explain that I'd just been keeping it safe for Rob and that I'd never intended to propose to her with it but that only made her more upset and she starting screaming at me that I'd absolutely built up her hopes and just destroyed them. She hung up on me, then texted me that I had three months to propose to her with "a better ring than Grace's" or she's going to break up with me. 

Am I wrong for thinking this is a red flag? I know that she probably was really excited and I absolutely never meant to hurt her feelings with all of this, but the ring was never for her and she never should have known about it. We don't live together and I don't know what she was doing snooping in my drawers, or when she had the time to look in there, or what she was looking for her. More than that, I am 100% not ready for marriage. We've only been together for two years, haven't lived together, haven't even talked about marriage yet. I want to be living together for at least a year before we get engaged. 

What do I do? I totally understand why she'd be upset but I just feel like she's invaded my privacy by looking through my stuff, and that I'm being treated badly for something that was never meant as a snub towards her. This is the first big fight we've had and I'm not sure if I'm just seeing red flags because I'm hurt, or if they're really there. 

TL;DR: Girlfriend snooped and found a ring that I was keeping safe for a friend. She's angry that the ring wasn't for her, is demanding a proposal by Valentine's day or the relationship's off. Need help determining what my next move should be.



The way I (21f) met my boyfriend (20m) is a bit cringy. How do i tell people when they ask
So I met my boyfriend a year ago. I posted on my cities subreddit that I was lonely, i liked videogames and wanted to meet somebody.

I got about 50 messages all together. One guy responded that he liked fallout new vegas. I love that game so we exchanged messages about the game. I gave him my number and we texted all night. Our first phone call was over an hour.

He told me he was also lonely. I mentioned how i wanted a cuddle badly. He offered to cuddle me. We decided to have a cuddle date

We met up the following week. He picked me up from my local cafe and took me to his. We got into bed and cuddled for 3 hours.

That's how we met. I know it sounds a little cringy, but to me it wasn't. People have asked how we met and I've told the truth, though an abbreviated version, and people tend to give me a weird look.  I don't want to lie, but is there a way to say it without it coming across cringy?



My mum dumped my siblings on me and ghosted. I have no idea what to do.
Yeah. This is a doozy. I've been trying to post it since it happened but just haven't really been able to process it. 

So I'm 23M, and I'm the oldest of five siblings, the others are 16M, 14F, 10F and 10M. Our mother is severely bipolar but very resistant to treatment and, to be frank, is an absolutely shit mother. I've done my best my whole life to raise my siblings since she clearly isn't going to, and I like to think I've done quite well. I managed to keep them out of the Care system most of the time, at least. 

Two years ago, I finally moved out of my mum's house and started university. I stayed in the same town incase the kids needed me, but I decided I had to start putting myself first a little bit and I couldn't keep putting off my own life because my mum is a failure as a parent, you know? With the exception of a few minor incidents, it's actually gone rather a lot more smoothly than I thought thus far. I currently have a house with two other students from my uni, though one is currently back in her hometown for the lockdown. 

So, the problem. Yesterday, there was a knock on the door around noonish. I wasn't expecting anyone but figured maybe it was the postman or my flatmate had ordered out for his lunch or whatever and opened it. To my shock, all four siblings are stood on the doorstep looking about as confused as I felt. 16yo informed me that Mum had dropped them off here without saying why or where she was going, and she was in the middle of a pretty intense manic episode and was just sort of rambling nonsenically instead of answering any questions. Of course I wasn't going to abandon the kids  so I let them in and have been trying desperately to get hold of mum ever since. I know she's getting my texts because I've been sending them on WhatsApp and it's showing me she's reading them. Also, when I call, it's ringing two or three times and then cutting out so she's clearly seeing the calls coming in and rejecting them, rather than it ringing out. I've tried reaching out to her friends with very similar results. 

I don't know what to do. I don't have the space for 4 kids in the house and it's *so* unfair to my housemate (though bless his soul he's an absolute angel of a guy and keeps telling me not to worry and he's fine with it). I currently have the girls staying in other housemates vacant room (with her permission) and the boys are in my room with me. Obviously not ideal. I also frankly can't afford to take care of 4 kids all by myself. No idea what groceries are gonna look like from here on out. The kids haven't brought many belongings with them, so they don't have many clean clothes. 16M and probably 14F can get away with wearing my clothes if it comes to it, but I have no idea how I'm gonna clothe the twins if they're here for more than a few days. I don't want the kids going into the system if I can avoid it, I've had too many traumatic experiences with it myself. Can anyone wiser and calmer than I am offer some advice on what my options are here?



I (36M) think my wife of 8 years (31F) is having an affair with our couples therapist (42M)
Throw away for obvious reasons.

So my wife and I have been having some communication issues for about a year or so and started to see a marriage counselor about 7 months ago.  At first it’s good and we start communicating better.  

About three months ago she starts going to extra sessions for “self care”. Alone.

Around this time our couples sessions that happen with all three of us together (about three months ago) become much more one sided with me being the “bad guy” and the two of them kind of teaming up on me.

She starts telling her friends about “Danny” and how great he is for her “self care” but if her friends seem interested in making an appointment she says “he only does couples” or “he’s not taking new clients”which I think is weird because we have normally referred to him as “Dr. Soandso” and now he is suddenly “Danny”.  (I don’t know if he is actually not taking new clients.)

Around the time they started teaming up on me in the sessions (about three months ago) was around the last time my wife and I were intimate.

There have been a couple of other weird coincidences that I thought were puzzling, but three nights ago my wife said she had an emergency with her sister and had to go see her right away.  She went to the bathroom and showered and put on perfume and left.  It was about 9;30 at night and that seemed REALLY odd to me.

About a half hour later I tracked her iPhone and the location showed up as his office.

When she came home 3 hours later, I asked how her sister was and she kind of gave a weird “oh you know Jenny, drama queen” kind of answer.

I think I’m going to confront them in the session this Thursday.



How do I (F27) tell my boyfriend (M29) that I'm not going to cancel my birthday dinner? Am I wrong for not wanting to cancel?
For context: My boyfriend loss his previous girlfriend to cancer in 2016. I'm his first relationship since she passed away.  In a sad coincidence, my birthday and the anniversary of his previous GF passing away are the exact same date. We have been together for 10 months so this is the first of my birthdays since we got together.

My birthday is next weekend and as every year my parents want me to visit them for my birthday and have dinner together with my grandma. I'm only child and so is my mom, so I'm grandma's only grandchild, so they always insist in celebrating my birthday together even thought I'm an adult and I live in another city.

When I told my boyfriend about my plans and asked him to visit my parents with me he got mad at me for planning  a birthday dinner with my parents on the same date his GF passed away. I felt like an idiot for not thinking about that, and I felt bad so I told him he didn't have to come if he didn't felt comfortable going to a dinner in that date, that I was going alone.

He still got mad at me for planning to leave him alone in that date. He insisted I cancelled the plans with my parents. At first I felt really bad thinking about leaving him alone in what is a hard day for him, so I agreed to cancel the dinner. But later when I was about to call my parents to cancel it I decided  against it. My grandma is 95 years old, I don't know for how much longer she is going to be with us, and I don't want to regret cancelling a chance to see her because I don't see her very often and she would be heartbroken if I cancel.

Besides my birthday and her anniversary are obviously going to fall on the same date every year, so if I accept cancelling now he might expect me to do that every year and I don't want to stop celebrating my birthday.

How do I tell my boyfriend I change my mind about cancelling my birthday dinner without making it look as if I don't care about his feelings? Also, am I wrong for not wanting to cancel, I know that day must be horrible for him.

&#x200B;

**Edit:** I didn't expect this post to have such a huge response. I'm still reading the comments, but thank you for all your inputs.

**Edit 2:**

1. My birthday is on March 1st, not Feb 29 (that would be cool, but i wasn't even born in a leap year).
2. I could try to re-schedule, I'm 100% sure my grandma is available every day, but I don't know about my parents, they have quite a busy schedule. Besides, it's easiest to meet up on a Sunday than any other day.
3. I know my boyfriend was seeing a therapist for some time to deal with all of these, but this was before I met him.
4. Yes, the age gap between my grandma and I is quite big. I was born in 1993 and she was born in 1924. Both her and my mom were mothers in their late 30s, hence why both my mom and I are only childs.

&#x200B;



Wife(F33) and I (M34) decided to try for kids last year. Found out I'm completely infertile without surgery. 5 months later she got pregnant.
I literally do not know what to do. This is long, **TL;DR** at bottom.

My wife and I have been married for 3 years, together for 6.  She's always been one of the most amazing people I've ever met. No huge fights, love languages match up, and we're both fairly active people which has been why we've always had a really strong relationship for so long. That's why this is so difficult for me.

We've both been doing pretty well in our careers the last few years.  She's in marketing and I work independently as an IT consultant, allowing me to set my own hours and be pretty flexible.  We decided last year that we wanted to start a family, her most likely keeping her job full time and me scaling back to part time.  We've both been anxious but pretty excited to have our own kids.

Long story short, I was diagnosed with azoospermia last December.  Blockage in the pipes just meant I wasn't actually producing any sperm when ejaculating. It's curable with surgery thankfully, and we finally got it scheduled this July.  She's got a high sex drive as do I, so we've still been very sexually active, but there should've been no way I could have gotten her pregnant.

She missed her period this week.  I couldn't imagine that she might actually be pregnant, right?  The babies are bottled in until they get the blockage out.  She took three tests though, and sure enough they're all positive.

At first I was stunned, because this shouldn't be possible. She's never been unfaithful to me in the past and never given me a reason not to trust her. I'm not the jealous type, but I'm literally stuck.  The doctors said this couldn't happen.  And I can't believe my wife would jeopardize the future we've been so excited for over some fling when we seem to have such a great emotional and physical connection.

My wife's been ecstatic. She's given no indication of any guilt or worry that she may have cheated. She was so excited when she first found out that I didn't express my worries then.  But she left for work and now I feel completely torn.  What if she did cheat?

Looking back now there's a few tiny things that didn't seem to be an issue but now have me wracking my brain for clues.  Her job often has her taking clients out for dinner and it's not uncommon for her to get back later in the evening. She definitely had a busy last few months, but that's not uncommon for her job. She always wears one of the same two perfumes, but she came back one night smelling completely different.  I remember seeing a text message on her lock screen of just a winky face, a different time, but assumed it was one of her girlfriends.

Fuck man I don't know what to do.  I set up an appointment on Monday to see if there's any chance it could be mine.  If it is mine and I accuse her of cheating I feel like the world's biggest asshole. But she's coming home in a few hours and I don't know what I'm going to say to her, I can't stop thinking of these small things that may have been her cheating and I just didn't see it.

Do I wait until the doctor appointment Monday before talking to her, or do bring up these insecurities while she's celebrating the pregnancy? I'm worried I won't be able to hide what's going on.

**TL;DR:  Wife and I tried having a baby. My balls are blocked, surgery is in July.  Wife got pregnant anyways.  It seems ridiculous to think she cheated, but I was told I shouldn't be able to be fertile until the surgery.  Wife is celebrating, I can't stop thinking about small occurrences and what if she's cheating.  Seeing Doctor on Monday to see if it could be mine.  Want to wait until Monday, but don't think I can hide it.  What do I tell her?**

**Edit:**  I should add I've been cheated on before.  Our relationship has been pretty healthy, but that old fear is creeping back in now.  I'm not sure how to just wait until the appointment.

**Edit** I really hope yall are right that some freak sperm made it past.  My wife's coming home though in an hour and I have to decide if I'm going to put on a happy face until Monday or not.

**Edit** She texted saying she's going be home late

This is bringing up some old emotional scars I think and is just fucking with me.  I'm usually never this insecure or uncertain about being straightforward.  I think I need to just find some way to bring it up without being accusatory.

UPDATE: https://old.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/c225le/update_wifef33_and_i_m34_decided_to_try_for_kids/?



My (25M) girlfriend (24F) destroyed my tanks of fire ants.
Before you ask, no, she doesn't have a problem with me keeping ants. I'm quite sure that's not the reason.

We had an argument earlier today. Later I left to get groceries and let her chill out. Came back, soon saw the state of the ant room (spare smaller bedroom where I keep them). 

(guess I should give a crash course on ant farms so this makes sense: Most have two compartments. One emulates the underground colony with tunnels and chambers where the queen nests, then this is connected by a tube to a second part that emulates the above-ground world where the workers go to forage for food. Hope that makes sense. There's plenty of cool videos on Youtube of people's setups)

So anyway, my girlfriend had disconnected the two compartments, dumped the colony on the floor (so that's soil + ants) and dismantled the sides of the outworld part to leave the contents all over the place. I am lucky everything is plastic or there'd probably be broken glass everywhere too.

I've had these ants for over 2 years. There's hundreds of them. I have put hours and hours of work into growing this colony and crafting their environment. I know it will sound weird or stupid to some people but it's my hobby, similar to keeping fish in aquariums. Its like if someone dumped out your water and threw all the gravel and ornamentals around. Plus leaving your fish to die. Except while I'm sure some of the ants have died, plenty are still alive for now. They have free fucking range of the entire house now.

I am FURIOUS. Red fire ants are an invasive species that's gained a foothold in some parts of the country. Luckily not our part because of climate but as long as they're alive they'll sting any unsuspecting person who comes into contact with them or is walking barefoot. They can cause serious allergic reactions in some people. This can be FATAL. Ants are drawn to dark places so they'll very likely go into the walls. And don't worry, yes I've thoroughly alerted the other tenants in the house what happened and how to protect themselves. This is serious shit. And my girlfriend could not be fucked to think of anyone else as long as she got her "revenge".

I'm just so pissed because I've put so much research, always took utmost care safely handling them, never even had an accident and now it's all trashed. They're loose not because I did something wrong but because she went psycho. But everyone will still think it's my fault. Lets be real, insects and other exotic pets especially ones that pose a risk if they escape or are handled improperly aren't exactly looked well upon. The owner is always held responsible.

She did apologize. She said she just "got carried away" because she was upset. But I just don't know if I buy that because if she honestly had no control in the moment then why were my ants the only thing to end up destroyed. In a really thorough way at that. She knows it's importance to me. It's not like she just attacked my old books from college or something.

Also she'd been wearing shoes and gloves. That tells me the planning was there to not expose herself while exposing me and everyone else.

What the fuck should I do? I would honestly kick her out over this but it wouldn't be in the interest of public health because we're obviously quarantining together. Everyone is hunkered down. Right now we're in separate rooms as I am trying to clean this shit up best I can and she shut herself in the bedroom. No idea what to do now, I'm still in shock she did this. I'll need to fumigate the whole apartment to be sure they're gone and who knows when that will be able to happen.

PS living together for almost a year, dating for more than 2, if it matters.

TL;DR: In reaction to an argument my girlfriend destroyed my fire ants habitat while I was shopping. She apologized but I don't know if I can get over this or fully trust her. How should I handle it with her?



My 16 year old daughter found out that she has endometriosis, the idea that she may be infertile has really been affecting her and I don’t know how to help
Hello Reddit. My 16 year old daughter recently found out she more than likely has endometriosis. Her doctor didn’t wanna do the surgery to officially confirm it and instead just prescribed birth control to help with her extremely painful periods. She said the surgery was unnecessary and she wouldn’t put my daughter through the pain because of that and just kind of swept it under the rug.

It very well could not be endometriosis but something is definitely going on which is why the doctor came to the conclusion of it. Her periods are sometimes so painful that she screams and cries my name and calls me “mommy” and begs for help when she gets the pains. There’s been a few times where she’s been in the store and had to leave because she felt a big cramp coming on, which is why we took her to the doctor in the first place. Not to mention there are times when she literally wets her pants because she gets SUCH a strong uncontrollable cramp. It’s very heartbreaking seeing my baby girl go through that stuff. 

As soon as we got home from the doctors office she instantly reached to Google and found out that 30-50% of women with it are infertile. And that those who do conceive a child are 80% more likely to miscarry than those without endometriosis. 

When she found out she cried for nearly an hour. Sobbing, hyperventilating crying and it broke my heart. She told me she didn’t want kids anytime soon but knowing that someday she might not have any at all really hurt her. 

I tried telling her that there are other options if she does happen to be infertile but that didn’t help. She googled the cost of IVF and cried because it’s so expensive. She told me that it just hurts that she can’t carry her own kid.

She’s a very family oriented girl, loves children and has been babysitting since she was 10. But she’s really changed since finding this out and I don’t know how to help her. I have 5 children and she mentions that every time I try and help. It almost seems as if she’s mad at me somehow. 

She seems to be envious and loathe her brother and his wife as they recently had a baby. She blocked them on any social media and refuses to see them anymore. She doesn’t want to babysit anymore because she says it’s “pointless to gain a skill she won’t use in the future”. 

There are days that she laughs and makes horrible jokes about it, and days that she cries and questions whether or not her body is broken and useless. I don’t know how to help her. Nothing I say gets through, it breaks my heart. How can I help her?



My (23M) girlfriend’s (22F) diet is making her crazy. How to do I reason with her?
ThrowRA - she uses reddit more than me.

I’ll just get right to it. About 2 and a half weeks ago, my girlfriend decided that she wanted to lose weight. I have no idea how much (she won’t tell me her start weight or any of her goals), but I’m guessing it’s in the realm of 20-25 pounds. It’s no secret to me that she’s overweight, but I like her the way she is and this is the only way that I’ve ever known her. 

Anyway, she signed up for that Noom program, which is basically an app for counting calories from what I understand. She eats a strict 1200 calories per day and drinks almost a gallon of water every day. In some ways it’s been good because I get a lot of home-cooked healthy dinners, but that’s beside the point. We’ve also started going on long walks (1+ miles) every other night or so, and she picked up some yoga off YouTube. 

The problem is, since beginning her diet, her self esteem has spiraled out of control. She wakes up every morning and weighs herself and then tells me that she “doesn’t deserve food today because I gained .2 pounds overnight,” “eating is overrated,” “why don’t you break up with me for someone pretty,” stuff like that. This morning, she texted me to say that she’s been waking up an extra 30ish minutes early before work so that she has time to get back in bed and cry after weighing herself so she doesn’t burst into tears at her desk “again.” It’s nuts. 

I’ve done a bunch of research and even met with a dietitian (a friend of mine) on her behalf, and I’ve learned more than I probably needed to about women and hormones and how birth control affects weight loss and all that nonsense, but she won’t listen to me when I try to reason with her. I just want to tell her that her body is in shock from the sudden adjustment in her eating habits and she needs to tough it out for 6 weeks. She doesn’t want to hear it, she’s too busy crying over a quarter of a pound and swearing up and down that she’s doomed to be ugly forever and I’m going to leave her for a “skinny legend.”

I love her, I really do. How do I reason with her?

**last edit: I have been trying to reply to almost all the comments as they come in, and I know I didn’t get all of them, but I really do appreciate all of the insight that everyone has offered, except of course for people like my friends who are featured in the first two edits for suggesting that I break up with my girlfriend… But that’s beside the point. I think I have a good idea of the next steps that I should take as a supportive boyfriend to encourage her to get the help that she needs, and I’m hoping to be able to update you all on this soon. The only thing I haven’t enjoyed about this experience is the fact that this account that I just made this morning now has three times as much karma as my main. Thanks again**

Edit: I generally hate people who edit posts after they already have hundreds of comments, but I just want to say to this guy [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hx1i21/my_23m_girlfriends_22f_diet_is_making_her_crazy/fz4g6v7/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) that you are the reason women develop disordered eating and you should not be proud of yourself right now

Edit 2: I’m sorry if someone abandoned [you](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/hx1i21/my_23m_girlfriends_22f_diet_is_making_her_crazy/fz4u8o7/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)  during a tough time in your life, but I’m not going to leave my girlfriend just because she’s in a rough patch right now. We should be encouraging people who need help to seek it, not dump them because they’re vulnerable.



My [25M] girlfriend[29] suggested about having a FFM threesome. I was skeptical at first and politely turned it down but gave in when she kept on talking about how awesome it would be. Now she is giving me a hard time because I accepted the idea and didn't deny strongly. Am I being manipulated?
Hello all,
A few days ago my[25M] girlfriend[29] suggested that we should have a threesome with another girl.

Knowing her, I disagreed at first. She kept on insisting and I gave into the idea. I cherished the idea and we started talking about how we are going to get this done.
A few hours later she blocked me on messaging and was not responding to my calls. Then when I finally reached her she was crying. She seemed broken. She told me that I didn't deny her strong enough. She told me that had I ever insisted on having a threesome with another guy, she would have denied it. She was mad and we broke up because I didn't deny her strongly.
Basically, I feel as if she set up a trap and is now giving me a hard time for it..
I feel that I am being manipulated. Dear reddit, please help me out. Thanks.

UPDATE (2 weeks after the post): First off, Thanks a lot for this overwhelming response. The comments and messages helped through this turbulent time. Thanks a lot.

We had a lot of talks but the chances of something like this happening again felt high. So, I decided to break off this relationship as the whole ordeal took a mental toll on both of us. No clue about her intentions though, but I am at a much better place. Thank you reddit!



I[29f] tried to surprise my husband[28m] and all he just said “gross”
My husband and I have been having a bit of a dry spell over the last two weeks, which started when I wasn’t in the mood for a few days in a row and he was, and seems to have spiraled from there. Tonight since we’re stuck at home I figured I would try and surprise him when he got off work. I put on some lingerie and waited on the sofa around when he usually finishes his last conference call. I got a little over excited early and was touching myself a little bit, and he came out of his office. 

He looked at me, seemed disgusted and immediately goes “ugh gross, do that in the bedroom or something” and walks away. I mean I was trying to do something fun and spontaneous and he says gross? I don’t even know how to respond to that. We haven’t talked since that and I’ve just been stewing on that. 

I think I’ve gotten a little bit too much in my own head about this because my best plan right now seems like to electrocute him(joking for any that can’t tell). But I mean what kind of response is gross? Who says that?!

I need an outside perspective. How would you respond?

Update: well we had an apparently much needed conversation, and much of what was said was true, although he is neither gay nor cheating on me, and I have not gained weight, and nobody will be receiving any pictures of me. 

He said that he’s sorry for calling it gross, but he feels like he’s always the one initiating and I’m always the one saying no, and whenever I do initiate I don’t put in as much effort as him. That the fact when he just stopped trying after the first couple days I said no that it took two weeks for anything to happen only proved it to him. 

His first thought when he saw me was that I didn’t want to be interrupted, and his second was that after two weeks with nothing I didn’t even bother to ask or set a mood. And that’s apparently what culminated in the gross comment. 

So we agreed that I would try to “woo” him a bit more and make him feel more wanted, and he wouldn’t take it to heart if I happen to say no a few days in a row.